why is that I don't know it just feels
when you it's when you say turn my shit
up
the engineers and the producers feel
like oh shit this nigga just started
shit up he's about to go in it gives you
the impression that you're about to spit
the hottest 16 of your life 16 with a 16
16 bars in a song like a I get in you
don't know this no so nobody's ever come
up to you say nobody's ever come up to
you to say um let me get your 16 spits
at six
uh a hot 16 nobody's ever said and never
in my life ever heard that expression
you need to change the places you hang
out cuz I'm pretty sure they're place
you would have all the people all the
black people you know all the rappers
and nobody nobody nobody ever actually
to spit no no never I've never spit have
you ever practiced never come on yodel
never
I'm not lying over no you don't have any
time you don't is that time for black
people time for reps meet a rap I like
listening but I've done zero right you
like you like I don't know people got
slowest loquacious no I don't have any
time to so you limit my my what I try to
do okay you don't have time for it I
don't have time to do it I like
listening okay this is the point I'm
making about spitting if you listen to
it there's probably a song that you like
and there's never been a time in your
life you've been in the mirror out of
the shower that it felt good to you and
you tried to spitting is the same as
repeating that everything that the
person said right so now one's not one
song that you like you've never tried to
sing a verse or a hook from that song
I've definitely done that but no one's
ever asked me to spit so if I actually
what's your favorite rap song could you
spit it would you be able to spit it I
don't have to think about it my favorite
would my favorite be I like old school
shit like I like a lot of like Kool G
Rap alright so like old shit yeah so you
take all you go on that almost a Sugar
Hill days
for sure hip-hop nobody excited about it
but if you remember that song you
remember whenever song first came out
and I'm know I'm dating myself you
literally could get pussy if you knew
every word to unwrap his delight I
remember I was in junior high school and
people were playing it in lunchroom on a
record player not record players but it
fixed yeah I remember thinking wow this
is like a new kind of music it's a new
kind of music not only the way you had
to learn it like it wasn't like now you
could skip through the time line into a
song whatever you it was a cassette so
it would play do you have to rewind it
right back to that same spot he keep
doing it he had to keep doing it till
you learn to all the works but cassette
players were fairly recent back then so
that was like when Sugarhill came out
was around the time cassette players
were out well you could walk around and
play the music you didn't need a record
player you don't have recommend what
people would do with those boombox
you will record your favorite music from
the radio from yes from your boom box
yep yeah so you would have a nice little
tape you have a nice table you think
it's like all this shit is clear did you
hear somebody say please get the fuck
off the stove because it was right it
was it was recording right in actual
time remembering a lot of them had two
decks so you could record other people's
shit too
yeah a lot of black people ahead of
white dudes in the suburbs had double
double deckers yeah we had to sing
nobody else for nice because you get a
friend and he had a cassette you could
copy that cousin and you and then we
would copy them we had coke in DC that
was really big with go-go music go you
know gogo shores go-go music it's like
African funk jazz beat it's like is a
lot of percussions what's a good go-go
music artist rare essence that's a band
a trouble funk is a band EU I'm old
school so these were the biggest bands
back then Danny had this band called
junkyard band you know junkyard band the
way they started was they was really
they kind of like copied the cosmic you
know cosmic cosmic show we had that too
they was on radar radiators and stuff
and these were guys will just take
buckets and cardboard and card and cow
bills and wood blocks and just basically
get a beat but you didn't good sorry did
you ever listen to when the brand New
Heavies got together with a bunch of
different rappers and the news is a very
interesting album but their dislike I
think there's only one that they put out
but you could get it off of iTunes I
think but like Kool G Rap did one a
bunch of the a bunch of the guys did one
but they did like they rapped over like
different kind of music
oh yeah yeah and it did get popular it
was pretty popular back in the 90s I
think what was it was it Aerosmith and
um one DMC run DMC yeah that was a big
moment that was some crazy shit yeah I
mean you knew for being a black person
we knew rap was going to next level
wheels like this yo they fuck with the
white boys now once you put that white
boy vibe in here man it was like it was
out that was the first time I had ever
been done one of the things that we
talked about recently I was saying like
think about the number the sheer number
of white rappers who have actually made
it it's a tiny tiny number like it was a
white rapper it was kid like if your kid
was a white rapper and he's like dad I
want to be a rapper yo because first you
got to get them yeah but you gotta give
him a lot of black friends first lot
because they're gonna beat his ass down
not physically but mentally mentally and
that's the same thing the black
community deal with I'm Eminem right
right where Eminem first came out every
black person that appreciated rap or
lyrics or flow knew he was good but
there was just wasn't gonna give him a
pass it's like when you go into military
you know they treat the new green person
the Jeep's and they treat them like shit
and that's what I deal with Eminem
Eminem just kept coming coming with fire
kept coming with fire to a point where
I'm he he's respected as one of the best
to ever do it by the way happy Veterans
Day
thank you I presume our veteran this is
the funniest veteran probably on the
planet Earth right across I appreciate
it I appreciate that um probably the
reason why I got out of the military was
my sense of humor
really yeah kept getting in trouble I
kept getting in trouble
I can't get a job to the point where
this was what I used to hear almost
every Monday airman and that was a
position of attention airman Rollins
your blatant disregard for established
military policy shows a lack of military
burn and integrity Wow everyday that's
what they do when they give a give you
an lor a letter of reprimand mm-hmm and
it's like a thing that you put in your
file eventually gonna stack all those
things I've been trying to kick you out
but when I was in military I got out I
didn't get out dishonorably the only way
you get out disarms believe if it's like
doing wartime or something like that I
got a I got an honorable discharge but I
was that close to fuckin my whole life
up if I would've stayed yeah yeah they
was gonna kick me out I just was this
was on joke time all the time I was on a
job Channel when I when I left I was
stationed in South Korea
I left Kunsan Korea and I'm with the
Bolling Air Force Base Washington DC and
I'm from DC so I was they knew I was
close to home and every Monday they
would give me a random drug test every
month like every Monday and 11 o'clock I
would get randomly tested for drugs I
always pass but I knew today thought
something different I mean I knew it was
time I did a four-year commitment for me
for you enlistment and then I broke out
what was like being in Korea for me I
just I was when I went in I wouldn't air
force I was 17 you know you when you
underage your parents have to sign give
you permission for you to go why are you
going so early because the way my
birthday felt felt some kind of way when
I graduate I was I was only 17 and I
didn't plan on Devon wasn't gonna go to
college I didn't really have a trade-in
therefore a lot of black people that's
the alternative that's how you explore
the world it's probably for some black
people's the first time you have got on
the airplane first time you've been off
your block so it was a good it was a
good transition from going to high
school not not doing anything but I was
just I was a little kid like when I went
to Kunsan career like they didn't I
didn't know that there was no drinking
age over there when you're in the
military over like a remote base they do
what they give you rations for alcohol
you can get four cases of beer or one
case of beers equivalent to a fifth of
liquor
so you get four bottles of liquor two
bars liquor two cases of beer but um
when they told me how many how do you
want to separate your rations
I said I'm too young to drink this ain't
no drinking age over here first time I
ever went to a liquor store in on-base I
ordered I got like four fifths of
tequila mix Wow and you were 17 I was 17
I got four cuz I thought I didn't know
what the fuck she liquor was in I have
thought they was like you want to give
me I'll call this as I oh I'm sorry it
was just the fucking fruit flavored shit
did you um add to it the mix mix it
where that's how young I was
now when when you when you get this
ration of a case of beer or a month a
month oh it's a month yes so 24 beers a
month you get yep mmm but then people
will hustle shit I'll be like this time
all right I'll give you a case of beer
it was almost like being in jail I gave
you a case of beer four cartons
cigarettes mmm you know and then people
that didn't drink they were selling
ranch and so as a way if you really had
a problem there was a way to get around
it I was scared of the military when I
was a kid
why because I thought it well first of
all though I was thinking about joining
because I didn't know what the fuck I
was gonna do but you were thinking about
joining to actually fight for your
country or just no there was no war
right back then but but there was a they
had a Taekwondo team and join just
beyond ot yeah yeah well I needed to
figure out a way to make a living while
I was competing right you know when I
was a kid when I'm throughout high
school and into my 20s that's all I did
was do fight and Taekwondo tournaments
it was my sense there was a dude named
clay barber he was a national high-level
highly ranked guy he was like 2 or 3 in
the world 2 or 3 in the country and he
was an army guy he had a job in the army
and he was on the army Taekwondo team
the army had a team and I remember
thinking oh well maybe that's the move
like to join yeah especially if they
knew you were you were nice because
that's what I deal with I mean that was
a case with some guys that couldn't um
pursue a NBA career mm-hmm you know they
knew you were like extra talented in
certain field they would they would put
you in it just like you wouldn't have to
do the normal stuff you'll just been
traveling the world just beating the
shit out of people yeah well you
remember Ray Mercer
yeah Ray Mercer started in the army
yeah that's that's when he won a gold
medal he I believe he was in the army
just before that we won the gold medal
which heavily fighter joined the army
after he was a Riddick boat
Riddick Bowe joined the Marines because
he was trying to get some discipline man
that was the dumbest he was struggling
look man there's a reality about getting
hit Ned right and nobody wants to talk
about it until it's too late most of the
time but to get hit our branch of
service you start making bad decisions
and for him he decided that he needed
discipline cuz Riddick we used to blow
up and his he had a problem with
discipline had a problem with like
conditioning you know when he get in
condition when he be disciplined he was
a motherfucker like those Holyfield
right but then he would have fights
where he just came in and he was just
not in quite good enough shape and he
would fall apart because of that and I
think he had decided the way to get real
discipline was join the Marines that's
interesting to me because I'm pretty
sure when he joined he wasn't like
probably pressed for cash I don't think
it was a pressed for cash thing man I
think he wanted to disappoint he just
wanted to figure out how to maybe felt
like if they just whipped him into shape
he would you would get past that hump
because when you're a guy who's a
multi-millionaire in your world champion
and you're still lazy
yeah like fuck what what do I have to do
let a white man yell at you my black man
you know a lot of black drone so that
would be that would be so fun to fucked
up Riddick Bowe is in your squadron or
whatever you yell at him and you notice
one person just kill your ass man
saying like it's always got to be
something separate like this guy can
yell at me so much cuz nothing you can
do about it really probably could have
fucked up after people that he was
enlisted with a hundred percent of the
people not half
did it change anything no he quit he got
out quick they let him go I mean he was
only in for a short period of time yeah
but like I said I think I think a lot of
that has to do with just trauma brain
trauma making terrible decisions it's
it's a big factor man it's a big factor
and if you listen to Riddick now he has
a real hard time talking it's real rough
to hear it so many of those are boxers
when they get out of the ring
I think sugar red linen out of all the
ones is still out like publicly and
doing things he's probably one that I
can listen to
and you can understand nothing like this
his faculties are off too much not too
much but somewhat he's definitely
struggling you could hear him he's
there's a pause to the way he talks that
is noticeable like he can keep it
together and he can string together good
senses but I mean you don't get over
those Wars and he had with Roberto Duran
and Tommy Hearns and Marvin Hagler yeah
what that was a welterweight division
mm-hmm that division at that time was so
far and then sugar eight people fucking
hate him so much because he was so
pretty yeah he was so nice looking and I
said you like put a scar his mother
fuckas face that's how Duran felt about
him yeah he beat you as an take your
girl in the same fucking fight man he
was so good - so good yeah but then he's
like another one who stuck around too
long Hector Comacho stopped him and
Terry Norris stopped him and later in
his career man he was getting fucked up
it just was wrong he shouldn't have been
fighting it seems like when I look at
like boxing stuff like then people can
have like unblemished record but it
feels like I feel like they'll never
quit until it's almost like you got to
get knocked out the ring
or somebody you have to give you the
reason to quit well Andre Ward did you
know and I was just talking to him real
recently because they offered him a
rematch with canet war fight rather with
Canelo Alvarez because Canelo just
knocked out Sergey Kovalev in the light
heavyweight title and they said look
this is a big super fight you know Andre
Ward came out of retirement still in his
prime it's like 35 years old
he's like no thank you no thank you a
hundred percent undefeated Olympic gold
medalist - division world champion he
said I'm good I'm good but no he said
he's like I have money I have a family
and this is his wise words he said I'm a
better asset to boxing if I'm retired
I'm a better asset to boxing as an
example of what's possible that you can
do all this and come out with a hundred
percent of your faculties in black you
talked to that guy he's a hundred
percent there and he's making money as a
commentator and analyst he's got a great
career he made money he's good he's like
I'm good yeah I don't want to lose my
brain and and everybody is different
ways to do interesting thing to me as
wishes and no toys as Mike Tyson
used to be and probably still is it's
just something that makes me feel good
knowing that this mother fuck is funny
and I know this may sound crazy but he's
like a lovable my yes very low you know
like lovable high as a kite although
what I would make that would make you
lovable well that's what he said it
makes him a better person like we talked
about he's like he was like I think it
makes me a better person
it does matter he's nice he's a nice guy
to be around somebody just posted a came
back that that interview when he was
promoting his a one-man show hmm and he
was sitting down on a couch with his
black guy and the black guy was trying
to oh shit shit yeah man I had so much
fuckin respect for Mike Tyson for doing
it because people always use the excuse
I'm the media ya know this is a question
the people want to know that's not the
questions people wanna know that's the
questions you want to know and that's
the shit you want to say to provoke
somebody exact to turn it to a
motherfuckin piece
well he didn't want to promote him he
wanted me to make him feel bad yeah make
him feel bad yeah and I'm and I'm pretty
sure you don't go like your PR person we
don't go ahead we try to promote this
Brandon somebody put him up to it but
when he just looked at something like
your piece of shit yeah and it was
realized he's like 6 feet away from one
of the baddest motherfucker that's ever
married I started shaking where is the
tape of what happened fucking listen
that is what it is that guy was a piece
of shit that was nasty he tried to fuck
with him on TV corner him and you know
and and have a gotcha moment and did he
try to flip it and go back to it right
was like no I'm already pissed no no you
are a piece of shit yeah
identifying a piece of shit and
distinguishing extinction shit imagine
being him and sitting across from that
guy and the guys all friendly with you
up until that moment and then when the
lights are on the cameras going and then
he pulls that shit on you a lot of
people don't know what to do there he
knew what to do he went real on him I
mean he probably probably felt that it
could come up but like maybe even like
yo your brother don't do it to me you
know what was he Busey promoting back
then that was promoting the one-man show
the one-man show yeah I'm just what was
it unjust undisputed yeah
and I was a good show I watched it on I
think was HBO Showtime well I watched
the documentary the documentary is
incredible
documentary is incredible yeah but it's
just so good to know that like from
heaven as much fame and fortunate yeah
and basically to start over and reinvent
yourself and now me I guess he's gonna
be just generations how George Foreman
yeah in a lot of ways right yeah well
George for him reinventing himself while
he was fucking people up though yeah
George Foreman came back a preacher I
remember when he came back he was 36
years old he had a big belly he was huge
he was like 300 pounds and people
thought it was a joke like this
comebacks a joke right meanwhile I kept
losing weight kept beating people up
kept losing weight and then when he
fucked up Gerry Cooney everybody was
like hey wait about how but wait a
minute he's legit but he still looked
like a fucking regular dude no not quite
I mean he drowned
he had like a barrel chest but he had
these giant fucking arms and that dude
has canned hams for fists he has some of
the biggest fish in every accident he
does he hits wing axes and all of his
kids name was George his daughter you
thought his daughter like George really
no ya did good he did really good who
doesn't have a goddamn George Foreman
grill that's a great grill yep when
you're like a single guy and you need to
cook something quick College military
bottom chicken cutlets and you get grill
marks
women are pres no matter if you live in
a a hundred square foot dorm room if you
got grill marks oh I see you got grill
marks this motherfuckers gourmet gourmet
grill marks know it's a good way to cook
it's easy easy - in his clean do you do
elk George Foreman grill that's like
sacrilege really yeah I really was
expecting just a slice of some elk
dude you gotta come over come over and
I'll cook something at my house I want
to do it I would be happy to cook for
you good guy no you're a good cook - no
don't that's not what you know cuz you
talk shit to be not a good cook I didn't
talk she no yes you did Joe did I say I
said I said I want a piece of elk I
think that's what I said you said well
you know for a new guy this is the best
way to do it for your first time and if
you new to cooking you said some shit
like that
both and I new to cooking wild game it's
different it's there's no fat in it it
dries out really quick you got to cook
it low and slow you can't cook it like
you cook a beef steak I could cook it
away I want to cook I'm sure you could
yeah I know you can cook the way you do
it you got very offended that you
haven't cooked elk before I wasn't
saying you never cooked before I don't
have no knowledge whether or not you are
so hot give me a piece of elk I got a
hundred pieces back there yeah you get
everything for you alright give me a
piece of elk and I'm gonna do my elk
magic to it and I'm gonna let you know
that's without you telling me how you
gotta cook it slow okay and if I want to
do that I could use I could do it the
what is that thing to seviche what is
that on okay sue V V that's watch it oh
that's that's a great way to see now I
don't want a different level right yeah
I love it
that's if it feels like you're doing
some type of science project I know
right you know you gotta have a
temperature right make sure the app is
right do you see this big-ass bucket of
water and then you keep putting your
finger and it like is don't feel like
it's hot enough this shit and the weird
thing is you're cooking in a plastic bag
that feels fucked up - yeah it almost
feels like you like a dope dealer doing
that shit a little bit you got to have a
food processor not a food processor but
you have a vacuum sealer a vac a food
saver and you gotta have a thermometer
and you got to do it take time but it's
kind of fun no it's great you know you
can cook a steak for like five hours at
130 degrees god damn that thing will
just melt and you're good for eggs -
it's good for everything su v--'s great
I love it but you got to be in that sous
vide mode because I value like man fuck
this man do you blowtorch the outside
how do you finish it
what do you braise it in this like I
don't want to see it yeah yeah cuz you
still gotta get that crisp but the
texture everything's good and I would
think that would be something really
really good for like four Wow oh yeah
yeah yeah a lot of people use it if you
ever cooked any wild game before
no no wild pig is great that way - Suvi
and or or barbecue so what's the big
difference it was to notice what
difference the taste of it or the
texture of everything the taste the
texture it's a firmer meat it's the
texture is it's like an athlete I mean
you're eating like a fucking thing that
can run up hills
so different than a cow cows are just
sitting around eating they don't use
those muscles very much and so that's
why it's all mushy so it's down there
and okay so it's more it's more tough
but it's not too tough especially like
I'll give you good cuts like like a
tri-tip is nice you know or backstraps
the best so it'd be good for roasting -
that's what oh yeah I got some roast
back there yeah and I roasted it like
250 degrees then i sear it on the
outside after it's done see you gotta
keep telling me your process bro you
could do it I do alright that's the most
competitive people always dude I'm not
in the competition with you true but
I've been training for eight months to
not be in a competition yeah that's true
everything is competition healthy
competition competition that's right
there's two guns yeah yeah but uh I'm I
love you know who was a really good cook
Ralphie May that motherfucker could cook
yeah but he went to a stomach stapling
operation and he couldn't eat meat for a
while I think he just blew through
staples after a while just gave up he
did a couple times two staples yeah they
had to redo it yeah yeah Ralph you like
to eat I wonder what sandwich he was
eating to me sad to be uh that's a
subway footlong you get back to eight
inches you blue you blue plastic just
like whenever a famous person dies from
coke you know they're like oh this is a
coke that killed that dude you know like
who's that dude you play for the Delta
Isis go who's the do to play for the
Celtics who died of a heart attack Lenny
bias yes yes I remember everybody man
shit that killed Len Bias people wanted
to sell it to you they was calling shit
the debye yes yes that was such a tragic
story because I'm from the DC area you
know he was like a cool guy and didn't
especially like when somebody especially
in the black community if you got
generations and generations of projects
and welfare and everything if one person
busts through it's like a whole bunch of
motherfuckers and it's unfortunate
sometime because that's kind of
to downfall for a lot of people finances
but you feel like I got the whole family
and everybody gets excited if for him
not even to ever play a game yeah it was
it's this awful man well there's so many
people dropping dead now from fentanyl
you know so many like print that's the
white person drug no it's not Prince
died of it also that's what I was
doctors prescribe yeah well it was well
it's it's pain medication like Prince
had hip issues from all the dancing but
uh you know Tom Petty died from it a lot
of people I think David Bowie died from
it did he die from it too to David Bowie
died from fentanyl it kills a shitload
of people a lot of times they get it in
something else and they don't know they
get it in Mali or they get it in in Coke
like Artie Lange was telling me that he
accidentally had it in coke and he even
know it until he took suboxone and he
was sick for like a week right yeah it's
um I don't know too much about it cancer
yeah why don't I think yeah duh he
definitely didn't die from a drug
peacefully after a battle with cancer
oh wow okay maybe I'm confusing him with
somebody else must be George Michael
maybe maybe that's it but doesn't make
any sense yeah yeah I don't know too
much about fentanyl's and oxycottons and
all that types you know that's like
soccer mom drugs
hmm well those are painkillers it's like
a lot of times it's the people start off
they get a back injury you know you get
hurt on the job or did go lifting
weights or something like that you pull
your back out like ah the doctor hooks
you up with some oxycontin and you can't
get off that I did the only time I did I
did um I had surgery on my knee I took
my patella trying to dunk on an 8 foot
basketball room trying to impress some
kids and you know I was like oh man I'm
not taking no painkillers fuck that I'll
just have a a wooden spoon in my mouth
I'm a man up man I laid down that first
fucking night in that fucking blood
started hitting that wound I was
screaming for the oxycontin I took that
shit I was blamed I was I could finally
realize the Leary's and most of these
trap songs when I was hopeless so I'm
like this is what designer was saying
all
room enough and a panda panda I really
thought was like dishes great I can't
see our people I mean I can't see
because I've never been addicted to
anything like that but it's just weird
to did to see people get one being a
state of mind all you know I think it's
a lot a lot of the people were sexually
abused or physically abused and they
just there's a thing about heroin they
say I've never tried it but I've done
morphine when I was a when I had knee
surgery they gave me a drip while I was
in the hospital a little button you
pressed anytime you want you get hit it
and I was like so was yeah you hit it
bang give you a little drip of morphine
anytime you want bang bang bang bang you
could hit it but I think for a lot of
people that get addicted to it at least
has it's been explained to me there a
lot of them are suffering from physical
abuse sexual abuse and there's a thing
about morphine or heroin that gives you
like a womb feeling like you're
protected you're safe everything's okay
that's a parent's supposed to make you
feel like that yeah like a hug like the
world hugging I did um I played a heroin
addict on HBO's a corner years ago oh
yeah you know I was trying to figure out
like what how do I get my mind set to be
high right right I was like what could
they because you see those heroin
addicts yeah they'd like they leaned in
a nodding to come back up and I'm like
what could they possibly be thinking
about to take him into this world and I
in in the way I've related to I was like
they're probably thinking about it takes
them to a place when they were feeling
younger
it just takes them away from the real
real world and just feel like like
zombies they just floating you know yeah
just floated in like that umbilical cord
fluid embryonic fluid just in the womb
just with no we're note with no thought
but that's a tragic it is tragic joke
well sometimes people just feel so
overwhelmed by life you know so
overwhelmed by pressure and stress and
bills and relationships and jobs and
this and that and this
it's needed escape everybody need escape
everybody has problems few people the
biggest thing now people talking about
like the biggest thing in the news
everywhere mental illness yeah
mental health is real it's real it's
been here forever but people just cope
with it
you know like I know in my community
they say black people especially like
don't address mental issues you know I'm
saying it's like a black person they
have a problem the way I just need to I
need to shine ass you know I mean I need
I need some unis I need to smoke a joint
I need to do a line right you know right
but everybody has mental issues but how
do we cope with it yeah people have
different coping mechanisms there's no
way you're gonna get through this life
without some mental struggle there's no
way no way it's not possible because if
you just sit around and do nothing you'd
be filled with a it can't do that just
because of the world address so much
there's too much shit going on
everybody's got struggles there's no way
around it no way around yeah and a
person don't have struggle dumb
motherfuckers probably that close to
being suicidal mm-hmm you don't say
people have died it are the ones that go
first I think a strong community is
important you know I having a lot of
people around you that you love you know
family friends like that's that's
important to people that you could talk
to like fit well you feel loved I think
one of the real problems with people
that that just just it doesn't feel
fixable when they feel alone they feel
like them by themselves yeah yeah yeah
they don't feel like they're there in
like a group they don't feel like
they're in a community don't they just
feel like nobody gives a fuck about them
whether they live or die and that's one
of the saddest feelings I think you
could have how could you make somebody
feel I did that is awful to make someone
but then those same people probably have
don't have that one person you can find
in that one person there's not gonna
bullshit him the one person doesn't want
anything right if you don't have anyone
in your life you don't have anybody
that's telling you the truth or lying
you know
this and there's a lot of people out
there that are real lonely that only
exist on the internet you know an
internet is the the Internet is the most
fabricated lonely place in the world and
it's so it's it's interesting because
it's like like especially what we do is
like you feel like you need it but after
a while you should have just so fucking
overwhelming yeah and it's so easy for a
person to carve out the perfect life
people to tell you like oh my god I
thought you was having so much fun on
vacation this and that you know how
fucking many takes it takes to get that
perfect picture to show everybody that
your life is the
fucking bomb yeah it's just a not it's
not an accurate representative of
anybody's life and is everywhere and
that's where everybody wants to show
their last I said I've did you tell
average chicken right I won't say on the
street but just the average one if you
tell them that I want to take you on a
vacation anywhere in the world you want
to go but you can't bring a phone you
know what have they let me think about
that because nobody wants to have a
memory and share memory just from the
memory they have right it's like they
wanted to get validated want people to
get the thumbs up and everything and
nobody you even would to show your shows
where I was so weird like when I first
started doing those shows where they
lock your phones up I was like the first
comic going on stage and the first comic
going onstage in front of a room with
everybody phones locked up they get in
the heat the fuck man I've seen people
trying to bite them shit so I see people
cut them motherfuckers open I seen
motherfucker answer answer try to answer
the food paper and it feels weird at the
beginning after Wow
he gets to a point where it feels kind
of cool it's like you feel like you're
in a moment you connected you're
connected who fuck wants to watch the
show how can you enjoy a show like this
yeah well there's a lot of people doing
that too you know why I realized that
when I went to Comedy Works in Denver
they were the first place I ever went to
that locked up phones now The Improv
does it they do it every show yeah it's
the way to do it man
you know I wish people would just put
their phones away but they don't want to
they want everything everything has to
be recorded and everything and you gotta
always show people what you're doing
every second well they want to see a
picture on stage right now I want to see
somebody with an Instagram just looks at
your fucked up life
see see how many likes you get for your
life beer everything Bologna cheese for
dinner
shit on the carpet again fire not the
fucking oh my god best live yacht life
living my best life yeah but it's it's
that thrill of you know showing
everybody that you're killing it you
know yeah that's why a lot of people try
to do well they do try to do well to
show people are doing well
oh yeah everything is for the gram weird
that's what minutes like you and but
then on the other side of it you want
people to see you doing good things
people want people want to follow your
momentum yeah and people want to ride
with your journey you let me say that to
many others like you you promise that to
me people like like can live a social
media free life and still make money
doing real hard Dave does it yeah he's
one of the only people that I know that
does but he's so intelligent about that
kind of shit he doesn't engage in that
he doesn't engage in other people's
opinions of him he's like he used my
phone does he he don't use it so should
me whatever he want to see through my
phone he checks it out through you oh my
mother fuckers addicted to worldstar
Izzie yeah we'd be on the road man we'd
be on a vote and all you see is always a
shit somebody know about he's on
worldstar that's a laugh but anything
that's dealing with pop culture and
stuff like that are you I'm usually like
they did like the gods it brings him
into a but does he just keep no fault no
apps on his phone I don't think I don't
think he has app good for him yeah good
for him it's a good I lost a phone the
other day man and I was saying to myself
I was freaking out because you know if
you lose a fucking for the minute you do
the pocket check mm-hmm you do like all
four pockets in first thing you say is
fuck right and if you're the worst thing
is a person that's going when you're
going out with a group of people and a
person lose the phone just ruined the
whole fucking night yeah because then
you gotta go fuckin search for it all
right back be quiet call my phone right
call my phone could y'all be quiet cuz
ya'll call my phone cuz ya'll call and I
told myself I was like fuck cuz I'm I
got the UM iCloud and shit now so it's
not as fucking tragic as it used to be
like where's your phone you losing
which is in your kid being born and all
this and I lost the phone and I was like
fuck I just lost my 4 months ago I lost
the fucking phone I was like you know
what Daniel you can't let your phone
fucking regulate your life like that you
a person be on that phone I went to
sleep right now this sleep was it was so
peaceful and I woke up in the first
thing I want to know was what time it
was right and I don't even think they
look at a watch or anything I was like
where the fuck is my phone and I went
right back and got a phone I did 10
hours out of phone I was about to go
crazy
how do people fucking do this how do you
find out directions
Ari Shaffir went without a phone for
four months for it was a reality show
no he just yeah it was his own reality
show he just decided to go to Asia he
traveled all around Asia went to like he
went to Vietnam yeah but he was already
loaded yeah yeah yeah you don't just you
just have like a minimum-wage job but
just leave you know for four months no
you kind of can't now but what's crazy
is this is a real recent thing our
smartphones are only since 2000 and what
Jaime 7 2007 was the iPhone I think so
right cuz X iPhone X is 10 years that
was two years ago so 2007 was the iPhone
before that is like flip phones and not
everybody had him you know and and then
ten years before that nobody had 1997
there was no waiting Adam it was a way
for everybody because we look at it as a
phone but nobody uses it uses it for the
phone feature know unless you're old
like only people who leave voice
messages of people over 45 but Joey Diaz
calls you that's one thing he's over he
likes to call but he likes to talk it
goes I'm insecure he goes I want to know
what the fuck your voice sounds like
because I want to call you wanna hate I
want to hear your heart yo everyone know
what the fuck's going on you know
somebody might hack your shit but Joey
Diaz is probably the only person that
leaves voice imagine want to talk on the
phone he doesn't think he leaves
voicemail he'll leave me a text message
call me back cocksucker it says another
night we were at the store so funny like
you know how you you get in your little
zone you into Congress or like who's
next right right it was so funny because
Joey was I was up next and Joey was like
who's nature is like Donnie on Joey's I
all shit this motherfuckers funny
he's gonna he's got a us especially
coming out on Netflix degenerates he's a
funny motherfucker I love him he's a
good fucking friend of mine give it up
for rondell darlings right in word I've
ever did it was so funny and I know he
didn't do it on purpose it just happens
Joey Diaz fucks everybody's name on
fucking everybody it's half of his charm
and then he didn't the next day he D
amazing yo D I'm sorry no disrespect
about that house like manage it was
funny gave me a funny joke and I fan wha
what's the do name Who fan wha Anwar
Anwar
yeah that's what I told Joey fuck his
name before you so we're even
UFC lightweight champion khabib
nurmagomedov he called him kala Beebe
that sounds low kala beam that goes we
reverse all my what are the names you
fuck up you fucks everything okay DPA
see ya steel pick you call steep a
Miocic steel pick red you gotta love it
and then if this is after he just
fucking dismantle the Rubies always now
like I mean how to fuck him ugh into my
next joke thank you I can just segue
that right into my shit uh Cho Asus he's
a national treasure
there's nobody like you in there never
be anybody like him no you got certain
people get that you know and I'm not
wishing bad anything on Java that just
live forever I mean you hear stories oh
yeah for them forever and then you have
stories this is what I respect you know
as long as you have people don't con me
for years and years right but a lot of
them don't stay sharp right you know I'm
saying they don't do spots yeah you know
I'm saying the only time they come out
as like okay I'll talk to my account is
time to go out and make it come a
million and get it but they're not out
there and that's one of the things that
I really respect about him is that you
see somebody that's been ripping not
like a year their whole career and still
you could feel the passion you don't say
yes you could feel you know you know
calm easygoing and I call them money
comics yeah so was that going in looking
at a watch okay I get the light at 40
give me
quicker like let me get my money to get
out of here yeah you can tell people
that really still enjoy the engagement
of the audience the response they get
and they they enjoy getting better yes
they enjoy ripping the stage up for the
next person to have to rip the stage up
they really enjoy that the the skill set
and what it takes to be a great STEMI
and that Joey is one of the people that
you're not some people you could just
watch him yeah you know I mean even if
you know something here is gonna come on
you just you it's going to be something
some nuance that they do to make it
different from the last time
well Joey does - is he gets in the pit
he gets in there with you know 15 comics
on a you know Tuesday night that's
that's big man those spots are big when
it's you doing 15 and another do 15 and
there's some and no one's there to see
you there did you see the whole show
right and you're you're there working
with guys like you guys like crystally
uh guys whoever it's just jam but I did
comic but that's what makes me that's
what makes motherfuckers funny yes yes
motherfuckers you you see you see a
group of wack comics like birds of a
feather flock together
you don't saying you only learn it if
you around a wack comic all the time you
never test it yes you know saying you
know those you never see those nights
with people everybody is bombing yes
everybody's bomb is so bad they're
motherfuckers have a have a bomb
material ready they just need to get
into the bomb yeah you know they just be
what all you need is one like oh oh oh
here's my bomb they're my my bomb shows
but they don't well fuckers don't go
hard right they don't go hard anymore
man
where's like that in this bus the Comedy
Store motherfuckers go hard
some people don't you know some people
also they get to a certain point where
they have an an audience and then they
just work for that audience yeah and
they know the people gonna come see them
because the people like them and so they
don't they don't do any of workout sets
they only do sets when they're on the
road that's why I do when I go whenever
I go like I came up through the chitlin
circuit whenever I'm in Brooklyn and I
fly through Philly you know on the black
cautery circuit everybody has these
rooms
you don't saying and as much as we get
big well people say they don't do
anymore I like to dawn because it just
really knows I
really know the climate and I know what
I'm working with yeah you know I I love
doing rooms those those rooms like the
rooms like that they challenge you
because is taking you out like you say
your comfort zone yeah you know I've
been blessed enough lately to when I go
do my con yourselves and people buy a
ticket from me issues these some good
people but every once in a while I want
to go in a chant I want to go in the
hooded spot ever and see if I still got
it
yeah you know that expression don't
forget what got you to the dance
yeah yeah I mean that's it it's like
what made you a great comic in the first
places is being tested like that
defining moments motherfuckers do not
want to deal with a defining moment yeah
motherfuckers I want to deal with that
moment where you did 45 minutes you
gassed out and you get that stretch sign
they say stretch we don't have to checks
up whatever we need to do another 15
minutes that test your skill a defining
moment when you're working out what is
that don't we did Tacoma Dome Tacoma
Dome and motherfucker Joe Rogan just
comes and just bazooka torches the whole
motherfucking arena shit I never said I
don't know if I've ever shared that
story but that fucking day was so dope
for me when we did that because that
fucking place was fired and I know that
was your crowd your energy like like Joe
Joe Joe and just to be in that room I
remember he was on stage and I was kind
of getting my head together like yeah
I'm gonna get my shit ready and you
gotta laugh right it was like and I was
a whole shit I'm about to go on I
thought it was like you saying good
night and it was a segue into another
joke I immediately smoked a cigarette
Oh cigarette or what I was kaho you
better do some push-ups motherfucker
this today gonna be easy sir but that
was a fucking that was a that was a
great moment there was a great moment
was good there's a lot of fun there was
a lecture I've never been it felt like I
was um if fuckin one don't you see UFC
fights and shit man for so many people
there's 25,000 people in that place and
Dave is about to go on stage and he
looked at me he goes not a whole lot of
motherfuckers get to do shit like this
just the way that hold Nightwind and i
we were right behind him
like the night was just like it's
something when you say okay it just it's
a level did it's another level did it's
another level then it's another level
and then when he came out man it felt
like when we walked it feel like we was
walking on Tyson yeah into the ring yeah
that song if you know you know that I'm
Pusha T song and it was just like that
night was like I mean pandemonium it was
amazing and those nights the funny thing
about it people see that and they see
you in front of 24,000 25,000 people but
what people don't understand is those
those all those nights stacked up of
doing 15 minutes here working on shit
because people see you do these arenas
these amphitheaters they don't know that
you in the trenches always you know I'm
saying always done I'm like damn don't
just think I got enough money right now
how's that waiting man hey but not about
the money and it's all about is just
something very addictive about
constantly training to be prepared for
anything and to be better my ladies
something like you going out you you
going out tonight I don't know if women
understand they call it going out you
know right I like Morgan I'm gonna work
out and even if I'm if I said I'm
working on and do the same thing it's
just something that's just such a rush
about going on stage even if you find
something small a small attack mm-hmm
cuz a joke never ends you just now
telling it yep yeah it never ends it
stop tell me some people like you know
where did you get that from because you
know the comedies comedians mindset
people like write that down write that
down we don't always write it down just
thinking about how dope we would be if
we vote everything down but it goes to a
hard drive he goes to a hard drive and
you might have thought of something
funny like this year the next year you
might have never talked about it the
next year something to happen and then
to come up from the hard jab boom you
got a banging ass fronting bit yeah you
never know and if you don't go on stage
you won't that won't blossom you got a
water those seeds I was in um I was in
fucking them Pleasanton please'
California over the weekend at the Tommy
T's and this is a young young guy he's a
fan of yours
wants to do Kai me and I know his mom
about four years I put him on stage
and he didn't really do well the first
time he went on stage right and then I
appreciate that and then like he tells
me he wants to do comedy right tell me
when I do comedy I was like okay do a
guess but I call it a bubble that's how
you test a motherfucker they be like
yeah I want to do this I've been writing
I've been working on my material and
everything okay go on about opera no I
gotta wait because I got a no
motherfucker
you don't gotta wait and I told him I
like to get a lot I said I'm a comedian
Kimmy don't talk to me about comedy no
fucking more right because that's the
opportunity go do it go do it right now
yeah and then he still was not talking I
was like maybe this is not for you he
said well you know what maybe I needed
this talk I was like you don't need to
talk for me motherfucker you need to
talk with yourself either you gonna do
it or you're not gonna do it he'd never
been on stage before ever
no he'd been on before he plays around
with it every once in a while but it was
a it was a filled room you know I'm
saying yeah can I just you know I just
don't know how things something could be
that intimidating I don't know how you
could want to be a comic you want to be
a comic but you don't want to do the
most important thing a comment has to do
and go on stage it's scary for people
especially if it's a packed crowd they
know they're there to see you
so there's he a pro and they know their
materials kind of whack
they know it sucks yeah but you still
should try it I mean how much time was
gonna do five minutes that's a Kevin
Smith lead oh that's my dog doctor I'm
from the movie Jay lollipop yeah that's
his JimBob we with the UM with the uh
with the cartoon on the inside of it
yeah yeah I went to the premiere I was
in that film I went to the fucker for me
I know dude yeah he's so dope he's a
great guy he is the best man he's a I
worked with him on something couple
years ago and he said he was a fan any
keep fuckin calling for projects but
he's so fucking cool when we were doing
cuz people been on when we did a show
called Holly weed right we played we
were we owned a dispensary in Hollywood
it was a funny as pilot and it was part
of this rivet TV they had this process
where a lot of you know you people do
pilots that never get greenlit they lay
the pilot and then you you pledge if you
want to get the pilot to green-light
okay copy fell apart the fucking on the
show did well we got Snoop Dogg
retweeted people were enjoying it and
and it just it just stopped
we just started but he was so fucking
cool and we did Holly we reset and I
talked to me he said Donnell I'm at a
point in my life I'm at a stage in my
life where I'm not gonna do anything
unless it's fun is what I want to do
yeah and that joint was posted here we
didn't get a palpable it was a good time
man and he filled me up in on chainsaw
about reboots you know him pre weed a
new oven pre weed I met him pre weed and
then the second or third time we hung
out he started smoking weed really I was
like what's going on what what was that
after he had a heart attack no no no no
way before he just went hard with weed
like out of nowhere he was like no weed
and then all weed yeah creative people
can get oh and I know his strand is like
a hybrid sateen yeah but it was just
interesting to know him before when he
wasn't smoking and then I mean he's just
he's all day hi I'm good he's all day hi
yeah he's one of those dudes he's one of
those like Wiz Khalifa type dudes those
uh it didn't just just start pounding
out right and shit yeah we were we were
working on Holly we we got up to three
other scripts and I would just go up
there and just chill and I'm like I
can't believe I'm chilling with Kevin
Smith and smoking a joint and we're just
talking in the motherfucking and the
goddamn keyboard is just going crazy
yeah yeah he's a genuine person very
very good person
yep and then shit man he said off he did
things nobody ever diamond just to
create a brand that could last for
fucking 2025 an independent filmmaker
and did you ever see that movie red
state that he did didn't you ever see it
was one of his best movies as a weird
man it was so strange because he didn't
tell me anything about it because I just
want you to see it so we sat down we
watched it and it was a horror movie
it's like it's a horror suspense
thriller movie it's not funny at all
doesn't try to be funny at all but did
he tell you that it didn't tell me shit
uh-uh he literally didn't tell me
anything but I'm assuming it's a Kevin
Smith movie I'm assuming it's gonna be
fun you know but you know what they've
got many people like that you know
somewhere deep down sided like I want to
do something fucking different right
people know me from yeah you know yeah
yeah yeah for sure but once you get to
something you get into a groove and
getting a brand that you known for
something you make money of why would
you you know a lot of times why would
you roll the dice I think he's just a
creative guy he just likes doing a thing
like he I just thought his head to do
this kind of movie you know who else did
that Bobcat Goldthwait
he made a Bigfoot movie man like a scary
ass Blair Witch Bigfoot movie do you
know but you know the history with him
the history with him Bobcat what in what
way with Chappelle show
no I don't he was the first talking of
the first season of the Chappelle show
when I did New York boobs I ran into him
yeah I ran into him and Dave and then
when you is so weird cuz you know him is
crazy dude right and just to see his
demeanor away from that you just wait
for him to have an outburst but Bobcat
was the first season director of
Chappelle's Show
he's a very thoughtful guy I like him a
lot and a funny thing with him with me
he well he he liked me but he said my
name wrong every time he says he said
where's Durrell where's Dontae
yo where where's Daniel let's do two I
was like
fourth when I was like just got to be
racist he just named everything with a
deed that was my name but he was um he
was the first director of the Chappelle
show before rusty kind of took over what
is that movie he made Jamie what is it
called again Willow Creek is it Willow
Creek yeah I think it's Willow Creek
it's fucking good man I got a check he's
obsessed with Bigfoot Bobcat believes in
Bigfoot really all in I think or it's
like a long jewelry type bill he's so
smart it might be a scam I think I think
he's telling the truth though I think it
really is obsessed with big I knew he
was a good actor when I knew he was a
good actor when I talked to him I'm not
being a character from police academy
cuz that you know you got too many cards
do you ever see that when you see their
face you want to hear a certain voice
right yeah he had a hard time with that
when he started doing stand-up really
yeah he started doing stand-up again you
know he had done that Bobcat character
forever and we start directing stuff
remember me he lit Jay Leno's couch on
fire
Oh what he's on tonight shall we let the
fucking couch on fire Yoshi you for
whatever man he used to do interviews
and just blaze it yeah he was great
never seen anybody the only person I'm
Robin Williams used to do interviews
like that right
yeah Bobcat so he was a wild man but he
says thoughtful person like when you
actually talked to him like hillocks I
mean he's got sort of an explanation
that makes sense
he just wanted to be a little wild and
he didn't realize what a big deal it was
gonna be coz he heard it yeah yeah he
murdered that but he's um he does a lot
of different shit when he was doing
stand-up again he wanted to just be
himself and there was a time where they
were they wanted him yeah they wanted
that Bobcat character that's a tough
thing to pull away from especially if
it's like you know if it's how you
paying your bills you know I assure you
it's like we who we gonna get the crazy
dude that's got to be a tough not a
people can pull yourself out a lot of
people can't reinvent themselves like
that right like if you're Gallagher like
everybody expects fruit if
say I'm just gonna talk now PK like come
on bro but we wanted to talk in the
fruit y'all right people like that have
weird weird crazy fetishes and shit
it's like the heath fucks with
watermelons of dinner he likes looking
at naked goats and shit something
something something crazy of you that
Wow
but Gallagher are you gonna see
Gallagher anytime you see Gallagher you
gonna think watermelon off for the rest
of your life yeah you're gonna think
sledgehammer you're gonna think
everybody's covered in plastic remember
I remember that one we that that we're
not I hate to keep but you just said it
when when I was with Chapelle show and I
used to pitch ideas and um they used to
just throw my ideas like get that shit
out of here Neal using I used to pitch
ideas here and then a guy gonna come
down here to do go come and just
somebody gonna have a had one right
they're gonna come and they're gonna
shoot him again he used to be like this
he's to smack that shit out of it he was
like do that shit ten years ago son like
my shit was so dated and I couldn't
think of anything one day I was watching
Comedy Central and Gallagher is on and
for some reason Gallagher looked like
Dave Chappelle to me and I think a day
like skateboards and shit I've seen his
skates and I just said and of course I
was mother I said what if Gallagher was
black I was like what if Gallagher was I
just said what if Gallagher was black
that was my pitch line I said what if
Gallagher was black right and did not
called Neal Brennan and I said I got a
DS here what son I said black Gallagher
and bam Wow
I forgot about this character yep black
Gallagher did you were on without a
doubt the greatest sketch show in the
history of the world I mean it lasted
only a little while but those are the
the classic sketches there's some great
sketches it doesn't put anybody's down I
mean obviously Saturday Night Live has
been around forever they had a lot of
great sketches but it's hard to beat the
black KKK dude it's hard to beat that
it's like it's hard to beat they don't
know where as an all-time sketch I don't
know what thought process you got to
have to even yeah
was when that sketches going on you're
watching go on yo whoa it felt like when
that sketch trapped bro when that sketch
drop when I say when I sketched JA I was
like oh shit it was just like what are
we talking about it's like one of the
funniest things that's ever been
captured on film
when Neil's head explodes yo great idea
it's just such a great idea a blind
black KKK member and he just runs around
figures like a whitish shit oh and that
she still stays in fuckin pop culture
it's just one of those things it's gonna
be Clayton Bigsby forever forever
there's a bunch of those his Rick James
was one of the greatest sketches of all
time I remember we were on when we were
doing the wrap arounds then when you
show the sketch to the audience and they
played the Rick James sketch and every
time we played it the room just exploded
I mean just exploded like wow oh my god
yeah it was it was you knew something
different you never know why no one ever
knew that it would go to the extent that
it went but you just knew something was
big in that moment - there was a moment
where like people would just yell out
I'm rich bitch there was just yelling
out and shows people just yell it out
yeah I just kept yelling it out I'm
ranch pants there's like something they
wanted to say they had to say it did
that show had an impact a crazy impact
if you really stop and think about it
did it's amazing that someone somehow or
another through whatever didn't keep
that going I don't know what happened I
don't even but god damn how do you not
keep that going just back off
yeah back off and film it and just let
him do it what happened here how did you
fuck that up
let's how did use it how'd you fuck
that's how I felt when he did SNL a
couple years ago you know I was like
it's like that show us pastors and
everybody's doing different things you
know I mean but the show was so the show
was just so iconic it's hard to forget
about it but it was like when we did SNL
when he did Walking Dead spoof mmm when
he did Jamie did you see that sketch he
did the walk indeed did a spoof for The
Walking Dead I didn't see this oh my god
and this is a recent thing oh this was a
snow you want to Emmy for this
this was SNL a few years ago when this
scene right here man I was saying myself
this shit is like because I hadn't seen
him perform as a character actor since
Chappelle's Show
hmm and he fucking body just the
beginning of this shit is ridiculous it
was funny as shit that won an Emmy for
like their you know I have a little
special category like special like a
commie special not the not the premiere
um Emmys but the you know yeah that's
that's a crazy scene to spoof - right
that was a terror that season
yeah and the walking dead but he did it
that's like one of the most brutal
scenes in all of television if you
really stop and think about it like I
couldn't believe what they showed like
when they first episode out - of like
the season right right I think so they
killed off two or three people the one
dude who they what was his name - Glenn
that they kept hitting in the head and
you can see his eyeball pop out I'm like
what do we watch that gory shit I didn't
fuck with it after that I was like I
don't know yeah but he made that shit
funny it was a funny shit yeah until it
was any glimpse of what would be men
killed that brought that back it was
well you know I mean again when you talk
about all-time sketches yes it was fun
man any how many episodes did it do all
total I don't know what would whatever
two and a half years be I don't know I
would say probably 50 episodes maybe if
that 50 more
was it that many it was a lot
and another part not even the sketches
the music did the music mmm that would
be a fucking dope ass fucking show just
to show the guests young Kanye common
merica buy do everybody used to stop
food
what a crazy fucking show
yep do you think he's happier doing that
or he's happier doing stand-up I think
stand-up you know he shares the similar
personalities just similar personality
you share that shit did Joey Diaz shit
that want to be on stage want to perform
as a stand-up mmm you don't mean like I
don't think I can't speak from I don't
think isn't I don't think it's important
for him to be on TV I think is important
for him to be the best comedian he could
be right you know you know you know how
you feel when you think you walk working
at the top of your game you just hope
everybody acknowledges at the same time
I think also too you know he did it and
now you know now it doesn't have anybody
to answer to you know he did it the
show's done he did it still in my
opinion I think it's a great sketch
comedy show of all time
and then the do two things like it's
hard not to talk about him because you
know he's what some people consider the
greatest to ever do it you know I'm
saying then you have a relationship with
that person you know you're not
exploiting it but is this interesting
you know like I've seen his career go to
the point where and this is why I say
the last specially Diaz sticks and
stones was so important for comedy
because critics and a couple of people
were dictating the tone of comedy and
people ii get some people
second-guessing themselves right you
know I mean I've heard I was hearing
comedians like well I want to say this
but I don't feel comfortable I'm like
what the fuck is happening you got to
say what you want to say right you know
and there was a um there was a comic I
won't mention their name but they wrote
a critical article about Dave and sticks
and stones and if they mean I found
interesting it was that they wrote a
crit they were a comedian
and writing a critical article which is
all fucked up right out the gate and I
feel of you as a comedian if you don't
know what specials like sticks the stone
special and like would be a birth
special what they do for the voice of
comedy is saying this is what we do
that's it stop yeah you know well it
seems like the expectations cultural
expectations of how we shouldn't
shouldn't talk about things they're
shifting so quickly and people like
demand compliance for you to you know
behave a certain way but our profession
we can't come this is not a professor to
comply it no no don't do that
it's also like this move towards
compliance I don't I mean I think we
should just be all nicer to each other
I think this compliance is like
something that people because they think
they're right they think they're gonna
enforce their ID on people but it's like
the worst way to talk to people
nice nice nice just be nice muffled I
tell you this Joe you've probably had
this why oh why it's because I'm gay
no it's because you're an asshole no it
has nothing to do about who dick you
suck any of that is because you're an
asshole you take the asshole out of
anything yes asshole could be in
anything it could be a gay it could be
in white it could be anything take the
answer and you said it yo just what is
so hard Joe about being nice what so
hard we could be better at it
but yet I'll see you you're nice to me I
try to be real nice to everybody yeah
yeah I've never felt like you're nice
you know yeah that's all we got to do is
be nice I think people's disagreements
are far less than they we think they are
I think we get caught up in in in this
there's a fucking team thing that
happens with people and we're seeing in
this country right now when it comes to
like ideology are you on the right are
you on the left just you know and it's
just so it's a weird time there's a be
nice yeah be nice be nice be nice
whatever sigh
you own yes just fuck it be nice yeah
you don't gotta be we're all nasty about
shit we're all Americans too
I mean it seems like we've gotten worse
instead of better at like the two sides
talking to each other man I was at on a
function in DC and I was Jeff breelan
it's one of Donald Trump's right-hand
he's in that camp and then there was
another guy I met he was a White House
correspondent right and I'm in this
party and I'm talking both sides right
and I'm understanding both sides you
don't say I'm just yeah I understand
yeah I'm having a drink right I'm doing
the shot we I'm doing a shot with him I
understand it and even though your size
differ you don't have to be nasty yeah
be nice like you say be fucking nice I
think people have gotten teased weird
positions of just constantly interacting
with people in negative ways it's like
patterns confrontation yeah and then we
think that you know this is a country
divided I don't think it's as divided as
everybody thinks it is I think the
problem is people divide us you know you
a guy who's your guy and your guy gets
voted in and you know you get excited
about it and you go against the people
who they're a good woman or their guy
didn't get voted in and you have this
little conflict with each other and it's
a stupid conflict it's a stupid
compliment because it's just dangerous
because you're basing it on a team thing
and if the problem is having a fucking
president in the first place having
government in the first place you seem
like we need it but the problem is
having anybody that's got control like
that aim one person of extreme power it
doesn't make any sense it doesn't seem
like it should be a thing anymore it
seems like a thing we should have
figured out was a problem a long fucking
time ago do but I don't think we would
be in a place where we feel like
somebody with that power is abusing it
and that's oh yes and that's what's so
interesting now because like there's no
way to deny some of the things that
Donald Trump have done for America some
of the things he's done for the black
community it's on paper and everything
it's on paper you can see that when it
stats is the lowest unemployment
whatever
but jobs always been here is just if a
motherfucker want to go get a job or not
do you understand that like how does how
does someone increase jobs do they
provide government jobs or do they open
up avenues for businesses make it easier
for businesses to succeed
I think it's business businesses I think
you gotta create a certain mindset right
but I mean if someone says like we added
jobs I wonder oh how how you make that
direct connection there policies I think
that I think you inspired you can I
think you can inspire your movement of
jobs where jobs are always you could be
like like I don't know like little
language like hey we've been hiring
we're starting to hire down at the coal
mine or whatever you don't say well you
can inspire people to get jobs that are
already there one of the things I really
hate is that almost everybody feels like
they have to get into these ideological
arguments right now because we got to do
a strange president such a polarizing
president this what I understand about
motherfuckers when it come to trump how
y'all motherfuckers still let me um make
you mad like like yo I'm telling you
sometimes I wake up I'm on seeing it I'm
like okay we get it
you know I'm saying like come on man
yeah the other thing is I mean I don't
understand how people are keep getting
mad about the same shit you know a
person's character you know how you
think they feel about them and you
continue to let them make you mad like
they can make you upset it makes no
sense well everybody knew who he was
before we got in there - it's like
everybody knew he was but buddy doing
good things economically I don't I don't
know that could be an argument I don't
understand it that could be an argument
that he could win cuz he got the numbers
right it's the argument he could win how
does that work though the way told this
I know I sound like a moron to anybody
understands economics but I've always
heard that there's basically patterns
that they can almost predict where the
economies rise and fall and a lot of it
is based on policies they enact but a
lot of it is based on just things you
know have like natural cycles to them
almost right and sometimes it has to
sometimes shit is on the way up because
of things that a president did and then
this new president catches the wave like
you always hear that right but that was
the case and that's the case with that's
the case that's the case with
and it shifted to trump and everything
then you know Trump won you won fair
scare however you want to feel about it
you know I mean the um the motherfucker
won but people getting upset people
getting angry because somebody chose to
vote for somebody that's the that's the
dumbest shit ever who read my lifetime
it seems like this is the most most
polarizing people are versus Trump
supporters or not supporters it's the
most polarizing you know you're either
with them or you're not you know it's
like there's a culture battle but you
don't got to be angry about your battle
no you don't have to be angry most of us
are wasting a lot of fuckin energy man
if you can't correct it if you don't
know what the next Superman is gonna be
just shut the fuck up about it you know
I'm saying like you keep boiling man
it's like you keep on you keep on just
find out who is going to be Mayor
Bloomberg said man he looked he looked
at the feeling say fuck none of these
motherfuckers can be Trump I may have to
run yeah he he might jump in it and he's
a data he's a numbers guy yeah you know
like if you're not gonna like like it's
just senseless to continue to be mad
it's just so weird right now people are
saying people want to take away people's
guns and people saying they'll fight to
keep their guns like what are we talking
about here
man I don't even know a lot of my
friends don't even know the argument of
guns because when we see a gun is never
in a place where it's a gun law dude I
said the first time I went to Ohio bruh
and I was going to department stores and
shit and they had signs outside to say
no guns allowed right they had signs
like no smoking like no guns and I'm
saying to myself wait a minute
motherfuckers have guns where you have
to tell them not to bring them in here
there's a lot of guns out there there's
certain places we have like Arizona I
think everybody open carry state that's
always gonna be scary to me that is
Wow well shit hmm I bet that cuts down
on road rage though cuts down on
everything that's the thing is that okay
though are you happy with this crazy arm
society where everybody's nice because
everybody's got a gun on them at all
times I mean just don't pop the shot
that shit I wish we didn't need that I
wish people were just nice yeah and I
don't even know if that's really needed
as much as you have the right to do you
you know some people just they love to
exercise their right to bear arms you
have the right to bear arms because you
don't have to bear arm something you
know of guns
they love them they can't wait to shoot
them bang bang bang can't wait to fix
them they want to polish them and clean
them and they want to add new ones their
collection and bang bang bang they were
good at using them and they just what it
just Oh some of them are lovely people
they're really nice people it's not a
knock against them I get it
I could see myself getting really into
guns well that's a problem not not
really but it's it's they're fun okay go
into a range and shoot at metal targets
is fun and it's it's something where it
could conceivably in this life it's it's
possible and it's happen to other people
where you had to save your life right
unjustly a gun that's real but it's
people don't want to they want to deny
that yeah much rather if that was not
true I would much rather that but it
seems to be true that sometimes people
do break into people's houses and
sometimes those people defend themselves
I wish nobody broken anybody's fucking
house I really do and I wish nobody had
to shoot anybody that broke into their
house I really do but we can't deny that
that's a thing and we can't deny that
people have saved their lives with guns
because some of them we can't deny also
debt I know this sounds crazy too and
this is how black people look at guns a
lot of black people have lost their
lives to guns and they've lost their
lives to guns with people of authority
you don't saying so when it comes to
guns with black people I can't speak for
everybody but that's a really strong
place where to distress in the whole
system of a gun for a black person that
to feel I mean total sense you know I'm
saying I even
even even with cases now I'm not trying
to get radical thing we have in the
conversation even in cases where there's
a young black man that had a license and
was legit by law he could carry a gun
and he's still at the end of the day was
the victim of what people can consider
to be an overzealous police officer
unqualified police officer or untrained
police officer but that's how that's how
a lot of black people see guns and the
other side of black people see guns as
they use it to commit crimes themselves
you know but it's when you when you talk
about gun like even when you're saying
you're talking about you talking about
in a way the people know the NRA they
know gun laws have the motherfuckers in
these different states don't even know
that how easy it is to be able to have a
gun hmm Dave Chappelle said it was a
funny joke it means a lot he said you
really want to change the GALT gun laws
have every black person in Ohio Ohio
register to have a gun and see how quick
the gun laws would change then you see
all these things with guns they'd be
like well we got to do something about
this shit man that's the only way I can
see you can effectively change it but
it's different different arguments on
the whole thought of guns with different
people you know I see both sides I want
to be able to protect myself
yeah I'm sure but then you gotta ask
yourself what environment are you living
in where you have to actually I'm just
trying where where where where you have
to actually protect yourself and where
you live where there's a chance that you
could be in a parking lot and you're
Walmart cart bumps the car and next
thing you know it's a shootout that's a
mindset that is a mindset that's the
mindset damn shootouts or that means
preparing for shootouts Jesus Christ I
always have a scenario always a shootout
scenario no but everybody would agree
wouldn't it be better if we just
didn't do that yeah watch people didn't
ever put themselves in a position where
you were gonna have to shoot them that
goes back to what you said early you
know had to be nice yeah just be nice
yeah I don't want to be honest I don't
want to be in a situation where someone
had to think about shooting me exactly I
know where those places are that's the
problem with being nice right there's
places where people are stuck in these
crime ridden environments and doesn't
seem like there's any way out that's
what the problem is being nicer so you
think they got a can to survive yeah get
out or you can't go there and you can go
to it sometimes but after a while you
have to UM you have to show people
another side you know you got to show
people another side you have to you know
people can you said it before people
make excuses but eventually you got to
say to yourself what can I really do to
change the cycle yeah and you got to
work at it
what do you think anybody could do to
change the cycle like when you see
impoverished neighborhoods that are same
way from the 1970s as there are 2019
how do you fix that yes sir it's a tough
thing to fix I think you have data that
people have to see other images people
have to see other images you could
brainwash people with advertisement you
know you people have to see other images
they have to see they have to see other
things you have to show them something
that they don't you gotta show them
success some examples of those people
that have made it they've really got to
really care and get involved they got to
be around they got to be able to see
something different cuz most most kids
in the inner-city whatever they dream
about it they dream about it and then
when a couple make through when a couple
people do good we don't put the energy
into supporting them and recreating them
we put the energy into other stupid shit
opposed to actually honoring this a
person that broke through a politician
yeah yeah I mean and and and and in
and get with them and dig in the kids
have to see that you have to see this as
possible as possible yeah how to see as
possible yeah people need to think that
they've got hope and that's if you're in
a spot where you're stuck in a crime
ridden community that's probably the
worst place you could be as a young
person in this country
it's tough some people make it out of it
a lot of people don't some people make
it out of it a lot of people don't but
how how often is that addressed when
they talk about like if someone talks
about running for government
no one says anybody ever had a real
feasible idea how to fix that how to
like take all these impoverished in
inner-city communities we know have been
crime ridden for decades and stop it how
do you stop it what do you do what but
what's the plan how do you go in there
how much money would it take how much
money would it take to take all of the
take one city Detroit impoverished
communities in Detroit and bring it up
how what would you have to do how would
you have to fix this how would you have
to have community centers how much would
it cost to have counseling and guidance
and a positive community like foster a
positive community with people that are
like professional like psychologists and
healthcare workers and andanddan doctors
and people that can talk to kids and
tell them about potential careers and
things that they can do and it just
weighs out and then foster them in the
community programs that can get them
tutoring to give them a little bit of a
bump before they can go to college so if
all these different things that just
don't test it a lot of it don't exist
but it's got to start it it's got to
start at home it has to run at home it
has to it has to because you can make
all the plans to programs you want
somebody has enforcement that they have
to enforce it a teacher can have the
best lesson plan and the best curriculum
of ever of she couldn't teach her a year
whatever you don't saying but what if
she was she's teaching and what she's
trying to get them to understand if it's
not reinforced at home did it goes
nowhere right you know and it's like the
I don't even know how do you address the
mindset of a parents or some people
aren't supposed to be parents but that's
where everything starts yeah well
everything starts
I think some people it's a cycle right
some people had parents that were
unqualified to have them and then they
became unqualified to have their own
parents and whether or not the shooter
shouldn't be responsible we could all
agree they should be responsible they're
not those kids a lot of times the ones
that get fucked over in life they get a
bad start yeah but if if there was some
way some way through some sort of a
community program to ensure that these
kids always had a place that felt like a
community felt like family they can go
there it's safe
there's always got somebody somebody
there they can handle them and take care
of that man motherfuckers gotta get rid
of mentality of fucking their own shit
up man that's one thing they fucked
their own shit up sometime man like
everything you're saying like Nipsey
Hussle the rabbit had passed away um
that was well respected hip hop all of
all across the board he was an example
of everything that you're saying he was
an example of how to fix it he was an
example of everything that you said he
was doing getting people up on their
finances he had a realty company out of
the UM the marathon clothing shopping
mall he had he employed people that came
out of prisons people that didn't have a
fair shake in life you don't saying he
donated to the community he had kids and
videos he was doing everything he was
trying to explain to people how
important is to have business by
property if you know where his store was
a train line was gonna come in soon so
all the property he brought around he
knew how much was going to be worth then
he tried to pass that knowledge on to a
lot of people he passed it on through
his music he passed on how he lived his
life he passed on by his associations he
gave everything he didn't leave the
fucking hood he stayed in the hood he
built his name in the hood he came from
a place where people's comparing him to
Snoop Dogg right out the gate he snooped
out buy buy buy he had to beat through
that shit he's selling his own shit he
record his own he's doing his own shit
he won't leave the fucking hood he's
letting people see his life he's letting
people see his motherfucking life and
with all that said in his parking lot in
his hood another nigga shot him too
and that's fucked up that's type of shit
make me be frustrated about being black
sometime goddamn nigga and then you
wonder why people say this about you our
community needs to check motherfuckers
and get garbage and rodents and roaches
like that motherfucker out of here
as much as we trying to figure out the
problem
as much as we could put a million people
in the fucking right okaythis blah blah
man if motherfuckers don't stop fucking
the own shit up you nobody ever gonna
fucking care what's the biggest place in
the world that we've tried to rebuild
the city was like Iraq I mean but have
they really tried to rebuild Iraq and
what did they do once we took over I
know very little about how much money
has really been pumped in I know it's
been an extraordinary amount but how
much money do you think it's been pumped
into like Iraq if you had a guess
so I there was that protest going on
there last week I thought we Pleasant be
pulling out of Iraq we pulled out of
Chicago I was dirty but I just took the
more deaths in Chicago they're always
more definite and muhfuckas needs man
that's the part of the point I'm making
man it's the whole mindset that was a
part of my point was like what if they
just cut that money in half whatever
they're doing over there and just put it
all in industry put it all in places
like Detroit Chicago any place that's
overrun with crime and violence if they
put the kind of money but didn't they
put in other country I didn't yeah they
do but but I think America things like
just okay what is my investment what is
my investment they'll give it up but
what do they get out of return they get
more successful people more successful
people contribute more to the society
it's better for everybody the more
successful people we have of work
community we all agree the United States
is a community for our community we'd be
better served all of us would be if more
people were successful if more
we're doing well there'd be more money
for the economy that makes sense yeah
it's possible there's a drain when
people aren't doing as well Denese
education yes it's education it's
inspiration it's people showing you
guiding you people showing you the steps
that you can take people that have done
those steps themselves there's a lot of
people out there they know yeah I
figured and it's a movement man cuz like
a couple of my friends I'm DJ envy and
Ceaser they enemies on radio C's is a
real estate guy and they've been out
like really trying to educate people on
the importance of creating generational
wealth yeah you know real estate and
just being a different being a different
person you know I think we all need
Mentors
we all need mentors we need someone who
understands what what it is we're
talking about to sort of help us and
guide us through - comics we are silent
mentors to each other a lot of it
because like you you'll ask a guy had
you set that up like what why did you
switch it that way oh they saw it coming
this way
I mean this way they don't see it coming
so those conversations it's so
interesting you say that with dementia
one of my mentors named fat dr. he's out
of watch in DC it's a great name fat fat
doctor in the 80s fat doctors was dopey
shit Joe you know like in for like back
then like he was a black comic there was
mainstream he do the black rooms and he
do white rooms Richard Pryor said it was
one of his favorite comedians and fat
dr. um he was a reason sigh he was
because he's not really doing good right
now you know like is you know health
wise yeah and he was he was that mentor
to me he was that mentor to Martin
Lawrence he was that mentor to Tony
woods he's one of those guys that like
if you know DC you know fat daddy every
comic has some piece of fat dr. song
with whether is being that mother fucker
they can work a black room in a white
room whether it's being that dude that
can fucking just demolish a fucking room
everybody had a piece of him why you
know and he's not doing well you know
but I'm just giving him a shot a
beautiful I'm sorry here and shout out
to Tony woods I haven't heard that name
in a little bit
don't love that guy he's a funny guy
yeah he said she did a writer put him in
a New York Times talked about his
lineage 2dc commie and PP work with
everything and Tony's one of those do is
it you know if you mentioned a certain
city or something like oh de troit or DC
you like Tony woods right right right
and all those guys yeah yeah Tony woods
funny funny funny comic man
I always remember watching him in New
York he's I was that funny for years I
was surprised that more people don't
know who he is
like when I talked to comics you know
even comics might not even know he did a
lot of stuff he got you know with
whatever we do you know we got to go
what money is that think I blot of a
part of his career was like that his
money was overseas he's very overseas so
you know you gotta you got to get your
cash where you can get he's an elite
motherfucker though his comedies always
top-notch
yeah always yeah he's got a smooth style
to men like a very unique style of dude
that was um ship one of Chappelle's
mentors when he came up yeah we all have
to have those right yeah like for me in
Boston a lot of it was Lenny Clarke who
I'm still friends with this is the there
was these guys who were these uh Boston
killers you know that would headline
that Knicks comedy stomp and all those
comedy club stitches and all this place
really there was there was like the
Mount Rushmore of Boston comedy right
they were nice to everybody they told us
what to do like hey you got to write
more hey you got to stop saying so much
you say fuck too much kid you broke the
fuck meter I got the fuck meter yeah the
fuck meter like they would tell you like
if you say fuck all the time it doesn't
mean anything it doesn't what if you say
it when you need it bang yeah it's like
what the fuck boom it means something
now cuz you know you only said it once
and they would tell you you know about
like with what's a hack premise like you
might think you thought of that yourself
but a hundred other comics also of
thought of us and what makes you
different what makes you different what
makes you different
that's how fat doctor was he's did he
took me through the trenches okay I was
funny yeah you're funny but you curse
too much did I stop cursing you curse
him but you only got five minutes and I
have ten minutes you got ten minutes but
you can't do clean you can't it was like
they were always gonna have something
yeah contested but I know fat doctor he
always used to say no matter what
do in this game and we all have problems
he said when you go on stage you put the
problem to the side you do your show and
then you pick it back up when you're
ready to leave
you always gotta pick it back up yeah
but I wish you well and I hope he does
he gets better
yeah I wish him well too is he's shit
online can I see his stuff is on YouTube
yeah he probably got something deep down
in you too deep down in YouTube but he's
one of those guys that we knew for years
we all have mentors there's no I mean
even guys who just you watch them
fabulous fat doctor there's even guys
that you uh you know you don't even know
them well but you watch them all the
time like if you work at the store
you know you get to see like just some
that go up over and over and over again
tighten up your shit like even if you
don't know him well like you kind of if
you're a young comic working the door
you're kind of getting mentored just
watch the box
tweak his act and change your heart like
how mom used to watch fat dr. Martin
used to what that was his mentor before
Monday's star says they were like they
were like really cool and and and fat
doctor took him on his wing just like
you took a lot of us on his wing and
tell you a little jokes those little
things that help you in fact I think
when I'm Martin first had brought the um
got to show Martin fat dogs ah he I
think he wrote in a couple of episodes
to some of the worst bombings I've ever
had in my life had a fall Martin in the
90s oh man I can't imagine Martin I was
I was terrible and he was on fire
nothing was hotter nothing nothing
nothing
I remember I remember I remember I was
in DC I was in the bed with this chick
and we're watching HBO whatever and this
one HBO specials were HBO specials right
and it was a HBO special they said give
it up Martin Lawrence and Martin
Lawrence came out there I don't know if
I said this he said when you give it up
for a brother making money the right way
when you making money the right way you
could tell your lady shit like shut the
fuck up he said shit shut up to she be
like oh you so crazy man let me tell you
something I was in the bed I stood up I
like this I said who the fuck is that
motherfucker yo I was like and he came
out like you know he came out like when
specials
was like specials was really special
like if they came once a year yeah twice
a year yeah and then it was usually with
some big HBO production you knew it was
coming out post you know mm-hmm he said
you could tell you ladies shit like shut
the fuck up
and she be like you so crazy it was like
boom and it was off to the fucking races
that's who inspired you that's what that
that inspired me that made me and then I
saw him at the comedy connection a dream
it was a little small spot in Greenbelt
this was where we all started
I saw him there live this is a little
piece of shop they make it to a comedy
room it only holds like 110 people and I
was in the fucking front row like this
bro I was like this and Martin was on
fire and I was watching I was like this
naked saying all this shit I want to say
you know I'm like I'm like I was like he
just says regular shit and it's funny
like he just saying some regular shit
some everyday shit and it's just funny
and I was like this man I want to do
this shit Wow yep I was like I would
like it out and I wouldn't even I was
fucking around and open bullshit open
mind just heckling and I said I want to
do this shit and I was Martin Martin
fucking used to tear rooms up he used to
destroy it was terrifying he's on to I'm
on tour with him next year
really eight what is it AEG AEG the tour
enjoy hmm they tell a shit I did it's
called elitist fuck lit is fucked or
Martin Lawrence is the host of the lit
is foul that's great
that's enough oh yeah they they
denounced it recently and I'm gonna do
some dates coming up I'm excited just to
be a dude from DC that's like buck
Alicia he's one of the rare leather suit
guys right he's war you know everybody
wear leather look at that first check
you gotta put some metal on
yes that was the fucking outfit full
leather punch or leather that must have
been so sweaty not only that but I'm
just I mean think of it that like you
gotta ask yourself what the fuck was he
figured but he was in the moment he was
in a moment without a doubt you so
motherfucking that shit that was amazing
so that was around the time when he was
coming to Comedy Store to work out of
shit oh yeah and I was going on yeah
oh yes death I know that rooms those had
to be people just get up like 90% of
people would get up to say you so crazy
was like there was that was when it
comes to like like hashtags and shit
yeah and phrases you so crazy probably
would fucking go against our rich bitch
back in the 90s yeah probably
hashtags back then and nothing was funny
at in mud right I don't TV no he just
had this energy man and he played
different characters yeah he was now I
was dating this girl I had to break up
with because she said Martin Lawrence's
corny I was like bitch I said look I
just does not go to work I was like
there was nothing else to talk about
like it's a wrap what the fuck are you
talking about
yep I was like nah that's over
especially in the 90s I'm telling you I
got to watch it live it was one of those
things where he was on fire he was just
in his own cousin Marky's think about it
think about it um you know some comics
are hot there's one thing we know
they're hot and didn't need like they
got a hot TV show yep you know I mean
like it's like hot movies yeah it's like
just pop in man yeah I mean I can
imagine and did come and Will Smith it's
coming out you did doing what's the
third one
yeah I mean he's doing a action fuckin
movie - with me yeah what's he did
what's he did a TV show he did it he's
all he did it fucking action movie with
Will Smith he's doing comedy specials
and I'm telling you like it was for me
as a kid you know who started in Boston
I'd only been doing comedy for six years
by the time I was out here already right
and when I was out here and I'm working
at the store and six years in and I got
to go on after Martin
and I gotta watch him though just feel
it to be in the room watching a legit
comedy superstar you know six years in
like watching I'm like I'm watching him
all the time I wanted some 10 15 shows
just murder man it's just a Razors Edge
I had you feel how did you feel going
how did you handle it going out
terrified terrified just ate shit most
the time shit shit pretty much every
time I went on after him you couldn't
transfer the energy they didn't want to
hear didn't wanna get he was so good he
was so good yo the funny figures were
you do that shit like I go some places
with Dave and like he'll get on stage it
did a whole crowd and just leave the
fucking stage I mean leave the room I
fucking this has to be over now that's
funny
yep yeah man I mean nobody starts out
great if you you had to go back from the
jump I swear to God
you never had a dull spot let me tell
you it was bad it was I was five
mid-month sin that's amazing I came
through I just was like I had already
been just practicing my whole fucking
little jokes just right yeah and all I
had to do is figure out a way to make
that into a bit but no I hit that shit
it doesn't seem like it's an art form
but it definitely is because when
someone talks shit to somebody really
well and everybody's like yeah we're all
laughing like if you can do that to a
roomful of guys this is like five guys
sitting around talking chat and one guy
says something that's so ruthless that
all of us are on the floor dying that's
it that is stand-up comedy you just
doing stand-up comedy for five guys you
just need a different platform and so I
tell it E is so weird because I'll meet
people and I'm like you should do comedy
like oh I bet you tell it no you know a
certain energy you could tell certain
energy like you know what certain people
you see and you're like you know what I
would love to see you try it one time
yeah yeah you don't say I know exactly
you don't mean like no I'm not saying
this is a career anything but if you
ever thought about it why not
fucking you never know yeah you do never
know it's I encouraged too many people
to do too many things I encourage
everybody to start a podcast I encourage
everybody to do stand-up I do it all the
time and I people get mad at me going
you should encourage everybody to do it
but if you try it you might be good at
it like it's not a special talent in the
sense that like if you look if you can't
run fast you're not gonna win a
track-and-field
he's not he's just not the almost
anybody who thinks they're funny who
loves comedies got a sense of humor and
is smart can at least make some attempts
at stand-up and I think if you can just
get a little bit of traction get going a
little bit you can get better
everybody's got a different pace your
pace was faster because you had been
talking shit your whole life right but
other guys like we're more silent and
introverted it took them a little while
to make it their thing going but if they
can do it even if they do it they gotta
keep doing it yes you gotta keep you
can't just like just you know like that
guy my friend it's the grind some people
can't grind I started I started I you
know I didn't start my podcast start
started but I'll record it one today Wow
by myself it's half 44 minutes do you
just do a Bill burr style the reason why
the reason why I did it because I didn't
want you to talk shit to him I was like
this I was like this is motherfucker got
a knockout punch so listen you're so
good you're so good on podcast for you
to not have a podcast as an atrocity but
I did it for for ID this is the first
time in my life I talked for 45 minutes
with nobody else but myself
perfect this is the first time I ever
did that it's easy for you you could
stay in his room for three hours and
just go I'm Way better off with people
but you can do it like you you could go
to distance you could just do whatever
but it's a thing that you get better at
doing that's all it is it's like
everything else I could be being on a
pot like doing podcast is the thing that
gets you you get better at being on a
podcast you get better at doing it I
think I have fun yeah it's um but I knew
I couldn't go in here listen I know I
couldn't come in here but now I'll show
you the time
I knew it was the year Sonny was like
five months ago so every time I see you
I just wanted to say what's up like
stretch it out and shit he's like what's
up with that podcast I'm like man I
tried skipper something you know my son
has a birthday yeah that's cool
everybody has a birthday what's up with
that podcast this which is what I say
this is whatever and I really mean it
everybody like the one of the reasons
why I encourage every comic to do it
because if you just put some energy into
it you have a thing that's all you and
if it's successful it's all you it's you
it's like you and you don't have to
worry about getting fired
you know what to worry about it people
being mad at you it's you I know it's
bullying yeah but me not used to talking
to himself but you could talk to a
friend I don't I couldn't I didn't have
a friend than Sonny I'm your you don't
want to talk to you on yours first all
right and then we can come and do mine
second day I do one today how about we
do one today
I just did one okay I just did when I
got 44 minutes okay I did one and I'm
gonna tell you it started off I don't
know I was honest listen I want you to
critique and say okay you got a critique
you say okay I just I think you just
kind of put him out I have the first
ones aren't your favorite ones it
doesn't matter but that made me i'ma
tell you I felt I was excited cuz you
wouldn't be to talk shit to me I was I
was like fuck that fuck this shit
I was excited he was about to get on
podcast and I decided that I got 44
minutes of me talking that's beautiful
and this is a start I'm telling the
truth
yeah if you go back and listen to the
early bird once who would do it on a
phone he would like to make a phone call
to a place and like it would be him on
the phone it wasn't even like a recorder
on his phone like if this builders first
ones he was doing way back before there
was like an app on your phone that you
could record on yeah talking shit about
people at the airport just talking shit
about this guy look at this fucking guy
you're a fucking master at it man I'm
100% should have a podcast
44 minutes well more people do it the
more comics do it the more it empowers
all all right what do I got to do now I
just got to do is get it
count you need a an account where you
can get an RSS feed somehow don't don't
pan and I want to do it now man will
help you will help you will help you
gonna do it man you gonna help you John
no more and produce my first one that's
all I ask I just get one yes yes thank
you one Jamie
we'll do it do it bootleggers shit we'll
do it come on Jamie don't worry I'll
take care of it Darnell
is that a yes or no yes no man is it yes
yeah we got you I will first 144 minutes
I'll have it super easy to set up so you
just have to upload one every week it'll
be easy okay
we'll get it we'll get it started I'm
you promised right but a hundred percent
him and me okay we're gonna go through
this together we're gonna make it happen
I'm not forgetting you I'm gonna do more
but I got one ready you're gonna do more
help I was honest good beautiful I love
you sir I love you too man I get happy
when I see you make it happen when I see
you too I'm like God to be working out
everywhere code is motherfuckers
everywhere you at every club sign gotta
work how can you not win you kind of
work yeah I mean don't you think that's
the thing just puttin his numbers how
can you and it's so funny because and be
nice be nice because when we did that
show like we all did a good job right
yeah but it felt good because we knew
like we have put the reps in yeah you
know I'm saying it wasn't like this like
swinging haymakers it's like no
motherfucker
we got a tone down I got this shit yeah
yeah we did the Utah joint yep
that was so dope because you know we did
the first one
Ashley you I mean Ashley Andy you and
then they had the intermission at me and
Dave and then on the Utah joint it was
daytime right that's right no
opportunity to wait I'm like we didn't
wait right so I'm like this cuz I just
experienced some several year before
with Frankie Beverly and maze
basically motherfuckers when dear and it
was daytime you know and I was like this
you can't give Joe of motherfucking
daytime audience like it's the backstage
at a festival is legit right I was like
oh man is she gonna get dark and I went
on then and it got dark and fuckin you
wouldn't be an eight that shit up son it
was fun it was amazing
those gigs were special
like they felt like they felt historic
they thought we were doing something
really fun yeah you know which one is
this one
Oh Utah was beautiful they're both you
look at shit yeah the sky and everything
above it was perfect
they were both beautiful I fucking love
you Tom and I like going there look at
that shit they're gonna BAM but that you
don't I'm saying like those shows felt
special that felt like we're doing some
fun shit man that shit is like it is you
man you that energy yeah that energy
like it's like it was like shit I would
want to see like your five if I was a
guy who likes standup who didn't do it I
want it I want to see that show and it's
at the show and then I see him other
people enjoy the show yeah and I'm
saying it to somebody hey we were at the
Rogen Chappelle show you know no it was
fun man it's dope it was real fun go do
more of those huh I'm starting my pot
you got me started
no you promised son you said you do
promise you say don't do promises
I'm gonna take care of it I know that's
why I got to take care of it we can
shoot open up a branch that would annoy
the fuck out of people right well hire a
whole separate group of people so we can
help people get podcast launched people
just to fucking lose money you said
you're gonna do mine I'm gonna do the
first one that's all this is
I'm a concentrate 100% on you know what
I'm saying I mean if we did decide to do
that to have a branch or just helped
people get started with their shit but
then the people too many people to ask
then you would have like no you gotta
pick it you got a pig but 10 people get
mad at you you don't pick but don't
nobody give a fuck you dealing with some
like record producer type shit you find
a horse in your bed I like a yearly
dress oh yes much work we just pretty
that's it ma'am just mine yeah yeah what
was I thinking
job producing yours is your fans started
fucking boot trying to bully me a shed
yeah I was in Orlando you know all these
motherfuckers look like you kept coming
up to love you they look like just like
you man
they look like you a wolf like you they
just like you they are you say they come
up talk about what the fuck is up with
the bug that's the truth
that's hilarious well we got you we're
rolling
all right facial you're hurting here
folks ladies and gentlemen whoo that's
it we're rolling
yeah 100% you got me I'm gonna do it
yeah I can't well it has to be done I
know it's hard to get going with those
things it's hard to figure out five
months five months of me being nervous
five months of ducky youth I tried it
one time I feel like I try to do
everybody podcast at one time I have
fucking green screen I had all the type
of shit going on right and I just
fucking was talking and I just couldn't
get it I said man fuck I don't want to
do it and I tried to quit my own shit
well don't quit this is not gonna quit
we'll help you I said that all right
we're in it's moving the train is on the
tracks to to the little engine do you
have been reading this book about the
Wild West holy shit
but it's an audiobook I say I'm reading
but I'm really lying I'm listening I'm
listening
I always do Empire the summer moon holy
shit holy shit is it good it's
terrifying Empire the wet empire of the
summer moon it's about the wars between
the settlers and Native Americans and
I'm in like it's track for whatever that
means I guess that's chapter four and
holy fuck is it horrific some of the
things that happened to these people
mads you like gory like no it's not that
it's the history of the United States
I'm fascinated by what what happened
with these tribes and when these these
white settlers showed up and I'm
fascinated by what the tribes were doing
before the settlers showed up too and
there's they detail a lot of that too it
talks about the Comanche about what
happened when the Comanche got horses
and they they just really started
getting really good at raising horses
and they had way more horses than
anybody and they slowly dominated it's
fascinating stuff man I mean this
isn't that long ago that these folks
were riding horses dominating landscape
with bows and arrows and Spears and
hunting Buffalo and cooking them over
fire and now it's fucking amazing their
life was I'm it is like like sort of a
fairy tale movie type shit of like
Avatar people but this is how these a
lot of these folks lift me and it's
savage to like that the murders when it
talks about the murders and murdering
murdering settlers and babies all kinds
of crazy shit like if you can't handle
that don't read it but few not really
listening to it son you're right you
listen so I listen to it yeah is that
better than reading it it says I can do
it in my car I'm always driving around I
mean I try to read but I don't read as
much as I do listen I listen way more
than ever you gotta go on the beach or
something where you flip the page I
might have to check that out I will
check that out how bold is it to buy a
house on the beach in 2019 how bold is
it to say you know what I think
everything is gonna stay exactly the way
it is look at scientists don't know
jack-shit like if you buy a house in
Santa Monica or something where you're
on those stilts right over the water
it's gonna go soon what are the odds how
long do they have odds on what parts of
the shoreline get a rate eroded
completely over the next 10 years what
are the odds I'm pretty sure somebody
knows that though well somebody's
predicting a plaintiff or it'd be my
people are still buying those fucking
houses imagine trying to unload them
putting the water starts rising it's
like oh we're 12 degrees I listen what
are they gonna do maybe they really
gotta lose all those houses or do they
get to push back maybe they get to push
back push to push me to push the highway
back a little bit knocks the houses back
a little bit pick them up back up before
the ocean comes not take that Elden
rebuild man take the El this is a real
cockroach no that's a tarantula walk
yeah tarantulas Hawk tarantula hawk is
there something no my friend was on the
podcast talking to me about it and he
has a farm
and who's telling me about these fucking
things they land on tarantulas and
fucked them up and lay their eggs in a
tarantula it's dark shit but hey and
they look they're enormous looking and
he was just describing how big it was
and I was like what and so then I get a
package and it's one of these
motherfuckers show him a picture of it
we put picture of it in a day just kinda
do of one fight okay but that is what
it's that is an actual real dead one and
he has them around his vineyards do you
know the band tool also he likes them
there well he likes them there to kill
it I think they're all apart and I don't
think they'd want to kill tarantulas I
think everything's apart it's all part
of the ecosystem there the only thing
you want to get rid of his stuff that
fucks up your crops look the size of
these things
I mean they're they're goddamn enormous
I mean if I could describe this how big
is this for people that are just
listening is if it's straightened out
it's a good solid three inches when you
say when you say it's three inches I
think they have to half the size of it
sir I don't want to hear any small dick
jokes I was a cockroach two inches at
least a small cockroach it's hard to
tell because it's curved folks cuz it's
dehydrated and dead and it's curled up
in a ball but I feel like if you
straighten that fucker out it'd be four
inches that's a big bitch that's a big
cockroach it's a big bit that's
alarmingly large cockroach so we're
looking at some shit from the Animal
Planet what is this what we're looking
at Jamie is this one Bob laying the eggs
in the tarantula nature so ruthless man
man this is gross but that's what was so
fascinating about that book when they're
detailing the lives of the Comanche cuz
they were brutal brutal I mean but so
also like they were living like yeah
in the 1700s they were living in this
way in the 1800s they live in this way
that uh it's incomprehensible for people
from Europe is it a series or anything
only a book it's just a book I'm someone
my friend the Jackalope on
Instagram he's a hunter s Thompson that
sounds like something theists series it
seems like it should be someone if they
did like a real accurate account of
these settlers trying to travel across
the country and what happened to them
what happened to the Native Americans
and the war with the the soldiers and
the all the treaties that were broken
and all the horrible horrific shit that
happened to them
but it's just it's just all that aside
which you can never ignore all that
aside it's fascinating just to think of
how they were living their lives just
riding around on a horse his spear and
buffalo that was there a fire they
didn't gross shit they didn't have
baskets they weren't doing pottery they
weren't they were just eating meat over
fire making bows and arrows and fucking
things up and dominating the West but it
probably still had the same problems as
everybody else they certainly had
problems they probably had the same
problems as everybody else it's just
crazy to listen to the depictions of how
they tortured the enemy and who it's
hardcore but it's just to me when when
you hear what's you know a well
researched accurate account of something
that happened in our past it's it always
makes me think like it's hard to even
believe that life was any different even
though we know it was in 1600 and 1500
was hard for you think about it can't
even think about what it would be like
to live a bow and arrow
I was in Sandy last week you may have
some type of exhibit going on and it's
do we had like some real bow and arrows
like so long as like American ones Nate
and I've almost stepped and I just
looked at I was like god damn you know
you think about the man and if you could
build a tool like that he was the shit
in the trial back then if you could
build a good a good boat and and
practice that shit or something wonder
when the bow was invented when did
people first start fucking each other up
with bows let's guess you know the
Mongols had it that was in the 1200 s
because and that was like this
was no gauges anything he's just like
something that bit was a bow yeah well
sometimes I mean some of them they were
really skillfully made and they got
really good with their arrows too and
they got really good with the the right
size and the right kind of wood so they
would weigh like a similar amount and
there was an art to teaching people how
to shoot the bows and arrows but God
they were so crude in comparison to what
people have today but it was the shit
it was the shit the Mongols they had a
boat supposedly according to who who had
a who had a piece on the the bows of the
Mongols there was like an article that
was written about the bows of the
Mongols what are the Bulls of the
Mongols just giganto suppose pull back
that were the Mongols was a tribe the
Mongols
yeah oh the moms Dan Carlin's hardcore
history has this amazing series on it
called the wrath of the Khan and Dan
Carlin said that their bows were like a
hundred and sixty pounds to pull back
and so some guy wrote an article I can't
I cannot remember what it was in but it
was all detailing the science behind the
bows arrows chain you stretch it out you
can't aim until you have it stretched
right right yeah I'm not good I don't
know how to shoot one honestly I mean I
kind of know the principles behind it
I've made me shot 110 times every what I
use has a release the clip the released
yeah it's a different kind of thing what
they're doing is called a recurve bow
and that guy I mean I don't know what
what he's pulling back well I bet these
guys are strong as fuck man looking back
at the dude as has his bow already back
and some of them had deformities and
their skeletons that they believed were
were probably caused by the injuries
that they got from pulling back these
heavy ass bows like they developed these
you know calcified joints and all sorts
of weird bone deformities just from
pulling back these gigantic
and bows that's it's so hard to pull
something like that back man like a lot
of people can't pull back like a
70-pound holding it and hole yep about a
hundred times a day 200 times a day and
keep going I do to find your fucking
bulge your arrows this shit like dude
missing like shit dude they had to be so
fucking strong but they got it done
I would have you know if I could have a
time machine man and just drop down and
watch the Comanche like run down a herd
of buffalo and see them like if I could
just be a fly on the wall and watch what
it was like to be like a Comanche in the
1800's that would be fucking fascinating
to see me that would be an interesting I
just people living in this really wild
nomadic hunter life they barely even
gathered they barely even like ate nuts
and berries and shit apparently yeah and
they were there with using all kinds of
fucked up methods man they would like
the fields on fire and chase them into
rivers and shit what about flows yeah
yeah it's wild shit man and this is life
or death for them right if they don't
get a buffalo they don't eat fuck it's
it is so it's there's something about it
that so you gotta come home with a
motherfucking Buffalo you have to eat
what I know they wonder where they liked
man we sick of these fucking potatoes
motherfuckers I don't think they had
many potatoes there's a lot of Buffalo
what vegetables you think there there
was a guy named Dan Flores that wrote a
Pete a piece about what was happening
once a Native American tribes started
riding on horses and running down
buffalo and there were like the numbers
were getting decimated
they were like even if the market
hunters didn't come along and kill all
that Buffalo which you know they did
they said if it just would have taken
longer but these Native Americans on
horses were so effective eventually they
were eventually gonna wipe them all out
crazy I would love to have seen what
that was like just to see those pee
you seem like you would like to live
that life no no I like I like
air-conditioning I like food no like you
would go if it was a weekend of this
shit well I've done it on weekends
really yeah I'm sort of like I've gone
camping and hunting it's sort of I mean
it's way easier to do there is to do it
with you know ancient bows and arrows
that's hard to do but there's probably
arguably way more animals around back
then - yeah oh my shot up son those guys
lived there their entire life with no
knowledge of the Western world there's
there was many generations where they
didn't have any contact and then all of
a sudden you know the Spanish come here
and the French came here and then all of
a sudden here's the 1500s I think they
didn't even get horses until the the
Europeans brought them over and then
they got once they got horses you start
kicking everybody's ass especially the
Comanche apparently it's amazing man
this book is it's got me I think they do
they take horses yeah they stole horses
from people there's stories and in there
about them stealing horses from soldiers
didn't know what the fuck they're doing
Comanches came other horses yeah they
they would steal all their horses and
leave them to die because you know
you're in the middle of this fucking
area with no food no water no rain good
luck they were just leaving to die and
they knew what they were doing by taking
their horses and that was fun for them I
mean they could have killed them easy
they decided you know what I'm gonna
kill you well let you slowly run out of
food and water you're about 300 miles
away from anything to eat so yeah good
damn that's highly planned we've
engineered hardcore dude dies hardcore
they'll just starve like they just had
fucked up it's just reading these
depictions of what combat was like and
the the raids they did on these settlers
villages and shit like these people
tried to they sold people land in like
Cherokee or a Comanche infested
territory these are sold they gave these
people this giant swath of lands I here
build a house this would be perfect for
you and like oh okay and so
oh love and then Comanches came and
killed everybody and took people slaves
and oh my god who was a real estate
agent on that deal did the United States
government Uncle Sam's got your best
interest I don't know who it was it told
him to do that there's I think was a
Homestead Act it was one of those things
we were trying to get people to settle
the West and the way they were doing is
they were offering anybody who would go
out there you'd get a certain amount of
land for free if you just go out there
and get them and fucked everybody up and
that's what this this story is about at
this point
it's fucking terrifying I want to watch
this series man I know right and that's
definitely seems to get on it somebody's
gonna get on it just fell to like really
cowboy I don't know that so this theory
seems like I could watch this it's a
wild romantic connection that we always
have to the way Native Americans live
but I've never really seen it just
depicted in this way as this book it's
like very fascinating just amazing to
hear like what life was like hundreds of
years ago right here then I mean the
change out of nowhere imagine if you
looked at the Year 1400 and then go back
through time you go hundreds and
hundreds and hundreds of years not much
changes but it all kind of looks the
same
then all sudden 1,500 1,600 buildings
buildings 19 2000 2019 planes pollution
infrared mall 5g occupy Mars I got a
Mars t-shirt quick it dudes fucking
cruise ships what it was gonna say that
boat
what the fuck is that giant boat that
can't stop or slow down the Jang in the
harbors you just you just waving at
people just docking this shit Cleveland
they got a lot of those boats they just
they just wait on the side when I was in
Venice the boats let out you got some
peanuts or something son are you hungry
are you hungry no I can use some peanuts
we don't have any peanuts but that's a
fat bomb I don't want this shit good for
you I don't want no poor no no man oh by
Windows I thought don't say no
what is it is mostly nuts and fat
healthy fat but a liquid no it's like a
gooey paste called bombs no this is
salted chocolate macadamia one of my
favorite but what is it supposed to do
gives me healthy energy okay like say if
I just need like a little bit of a snack
like I'm gonna go work out or something
like that but I want to eat a full meal
Oh in between meals I'm like a little
bit hungry oh you just squeeze nutrition
yep that's not it in a bag that's a free
ad for f-bomb I love that shit
I love delight this II can't say that
without sounding gay but I love nut
butter it's almond butters a little
different the peanut butter and the wait
I don't know what that's basically name
I don't know who nut butter I don't
think what do you think is more this is
a good question so I never really what's
more nutritious peanut butter or almond
butter do we know let's find out let's
Google what's more nutrition neutral
which company makes it cuz it's gonna be
ad that's true just maybe there's like a
pure definition though maybe by
definition or just just by fact almonds
have X amount percentage of this or that
that peanut butter doesn't or vice versa
I don't know almond for the win but most
people aren't allergic to almonds not
that most people are allergic to peanuts
but my people being allergic to peanuts
and almonds right because you always
hear it on an airplane they have similar
nutritional value almond butter is
slightly healthier than peanut butter
because it has more vitamins minerals
and fiber both nut butters are roughly
equal in calories and sugar but peanut
butter has a little more protein than
almond butter so pre-set more and then
in the neighborhood bleep but people get
up Callens mom's got an allergy to
Brazil nuts
which is kind of crazy how do you find
out what not you really allergic to
questions with some people who they
barely survived it some people so
they're so allergic to peanuts that if
they get on a plane they will ask other
people on the plane Oh eat peanuts
they'll say that but you know what I
mean I don't know about that I'm pretty
sure out of all the times you've heard
that announcement right right somebody
has had some peanuts on that plane some
fat dude I don't think fuck about the
world I don't think you have a flight
yeah
yo planners bitch he just eats it like
this so no peanut dust gets in the air
yeah but he's got peanut breasts for the
whole fucking flag he's secretly hoping
here's her coffin
that's a weird allergy man nuts peanuts
peanuts it's a weird one it'll shut the
whole thing down well it's also a deadly
one it's not like an allergy to milk I
want you to milk makes you fart you feel
terrible to get learning toast
intolerance you know I want you to
peanuts a serious one that's a dentist
like I could kill your face deforming
and everything yeah what happens I mean
the people that well that's I've seen
that allergy reaction to like seafood
but I can imagine it's probably the same
type wow there's so much shit that can
kill you if you really wanted to sit
down and freak out you could easily
easily you know that's what's hard in
life it's hard to keep your eye on
positivity
just move forward and purely positive
it's so easy to think about all the shit
that could go wrong stuff that can kill
you and all the poisons all the
subtraction
oh and it's like you say it's easy to
figure that but you want to know that
stuffs are out there right you don't
want to be ignorant you have to have
some knowledge you have to have I think
you should have a a minimum amount of
knowledge normal and a lot of shit you
hear about this shit that's going down
in Mexico what's that were those Mormons
they got shot out by the car but didn't
I try the first report they try to say
they made a mistake they made a mistake
yeah it was like oh they don't think
that they think that it was a hit went
wrong that was rational reporting but
now Anna's just say
it so the day now they think it's just a
head it's not a mistake
yeah one cent and some of the Mormons a
lot of those I fucked that we a D they
should should get out I must and plagued
by deadly attacks members of this Mormon
community or foe Vaughn I was like fuck
use of Mormon brah
oh it's the video before it there yes
that's him that's the Oh taking a break
backstage on a stadium tour that is this
time SEOs doing stadiums and it's like
hey we'll say that's fucking funny he's
a fine dude that Theo von ladies he's a
very funny dude he's a unique guy like
his funny is very unique yeah he makes
like if you see it written down on paper
you wouldn't know why is that funny and
then you see him say it on stage you
dying it's cuz it's coming out of him
thought of him like he's kind of act
like nobody could rip his act off good
luck good luck
no how are you getting what are you
gonna do with that you gotta be that you
get he's won you can watch him and you
like yeah yeah man he's one of one deal
Vaughn's one of one I don't know a
number instable he he's like that other
guy oh yeah
no there's no not nobody says you like
the yeah you're right he's the the--
he's a feel Vaughn
that's like saying like you're like
Brody Stevens and I've never heard
anybody saying he's like Brody Stevens
shout out to everybody can't read and
write
y'all could work harder at school but
whatever hope y'all are doing well amen
he's all about the Lord man he's all
about the Lord man y'all could have
worked harder in school but whatever and
you hear coming out of his mouth I
remember he told me the story of why he
didn't like black guys coming up cuz one
of them jumped him on a school bus
he was like he's named he was like it
was Tyrone jinkies right he knew the
name and all I could do is respect the
story man oh my god yeah he's been
fuckin that forever
he's a hilarious guy he is such a fun
time for stand-up man there's so many
killers out there right now yeah you
know like any night if I go to the
Improv or I go to the store any night
it's just murderers row I saw Damon
working his new hour oh yeah he's doing
his new hour in the lab it's good the
comedy scene known is just it's so on
fire now and he's Damon was he took time
off you know so he decided to come back
just do the show have you seen him work
it out yeah the other day it was funny
man yeah he always he's ready by the
time he goes onstage he's ready yeah he
has a different approach he films every
show every single show he does he brings
a tripod and his camera in he films it
and he watches it and analyzes it people
be interested to see him to remember the
one special he did The Last Stand he
called it his last when he dropped the
mic yep yeah he was doing movies with
Bruce Willis remember he did he was on
fire
he was on fire he was on fire he's
always been on fire
yeah yeah he was on fire he dropped a
mic like yes so does this start off with
him picking a mic back up
I got money hilarious yeah have you
started this next special that way
picked the mic go I don't know if he's
right ready get ready to do this
pressure I think he's just putting
together material well it was fun
listening to him though we were all in
the greenroom of The Improv and you know
we're talking about just stand-up in
general like his approach and you know
he's he's a guy who works you know a lot
a lot of respect for the way he puts
together his shit he's not just going up
there winging it and not he's covering
all the bases he brings a fucking camera
and then we feel lazy he's got a goddamn
camera and a tripod that he's carrying
around personally he's setting it up he
goes home and edits the videos you put
some on his computer I'm sitting there
going oh my fuck I'm lazy like I need to
get a goddamn tripod no so everybody got
different systems that's true
but I when someone takes the watching
and analyzing that deep I gotta go hmm
you might be on to something because you
don't you think that if you do a set and
then you watch the set it's almost like
you did two sets no sometime I watched I
watched shit sometimes oh I watch it
with don't sound mmm just to see what
you look like
yep how do you look I look like I move
around a lot I look like I'm telling a
story you know I'm saying like yeah I
look like I'm telling the story right
you know I look like I'm fucking telling
the story but if you were going over new
shit right like say if you release is
special and then you want to write a
whole new hour you would want as much
feedback as you could get like
personally like oh wise you're
formulating the but you know how bits
are just yeah in the beginning you don't
know where the fuck you're going it's a
little clunky you'll be good if you
could see it too
yeah but you know you feel it more than
anything you know yeah for sure
you know saying like you know like I
think you have so many thoughts you
might want to you know write something
down just so you can have all your
thoughts in one space but you feel it
yeah you definitely do you feel it like
shit you start talking about doing it
more special you write chunks of
material mm-hmm you know and then you
know this one once once you feel good
about something you know yeah I was just
thinking his method is one step further
than mine which is just listening like I
think he's probably that's probably the
way to do it if you're gonna record your
sets it really should record record look
you really should have a fucking video
of it you know and watch it it's like
that level of discipline that's like
next-level discipline but then with the
way he writes is interesting he was like
I never really write things down in
terms of like write the whole bit out he
goes I have ideas I got a I have to say
it and when he's saying he finds the
funny I was watching him do this bit was
really interesting because we were
talking about then I'm watched him go
downstairs and do it and you know in the
90s when I was just getting to the store
he was like a hero in the in the comedy
world you know just be able to work with
Damon Wayans at the comic store when I
was in my 20s Oh
like this is crazy that's damon wayans
from the fucking Wayans brothers exactly
this the other the other candidate for
the great sketch show of all time those
like to oh my god that's the other
candidates I'm seeing I'm working with
him at the fucking goddamn Comedy Store
it was weird
I mean that's the weirdest thing man
when you're a young guy or a young girl
you know you just get into comedy and
you start to break through hanging out
with comics that you used to watch well
on television you're like oh shit you
realize it's just like what the fuck is
happening what the fuck it's weird but
you get used to it you go oh they just
did you're hanging out with them for a
reason though because everybody know
hang out with them yes that I'm saying
like your your your is the reason why
you're hanging out whatever not
everybody else yeah you know yeah at a
certain point I mean there's only so
many people that are gonna get past the
store see you had at Marlin damn man so
you was all here when they were really
little I the comedy scene was on fire it
was interesting it was really
interesting back then didn't wasn't oh
yeah the comic store was for sure like
the the all the killers you know there
was Fat Tuesday that was the biggest
room like the biggest promoter homeless
guy Tories and of course Joe Torre who
did def Comedy Jam right so everybody
know the Torre brothers so that that was
a that was it wasn't didn't Tupac pull a
gun out at one of those or somebody with
him wasn't there some crazy story from
The Comedy Store about like Tupac almost
getting in a gunfight in the fucking
main The Comedy Store was wild back then
yes yeah there was there was moments
world's wild there it is guy Torry
recalls curving Tupac at the height of
east-west tension curving wasn't mean
stop in defusing oh okay yeah I think
there was a some sort of firearm in the
premises yeah but anyway it's like then
but then other than those guys though
here's the thing that was crazy it was
like there was a lot of guys that were
there they were laid over from like the
80s that you like you you don't hear
from anymore it was really funny people
too they just for whatever reason they
just
never never quite caught on for them and
back then they missed what we have now
because if you didn't get a television
show and you didn't get on a movie
you're fucked
yeah it wasn't nothing there was nothing
else to do it it was so few guys all the
road just got famous from doing standing
yeah is that everybody did something
else and then and that's all oh yeah but
you you wouldn't get Fame in New York
but you could make a living in you you
can make a living in Boston - the same
thing you can make a living you can make
a living there gonna be no extreme
living but no you can make a living you
had to have some kind of TV show or
something where people would come to see
you you know Martin had everything
obviously we just talked about it yeah
but most most people relied on something
else and some of them it just passed him
by and then they were in their 40s and
50s and they had never really hit with
anything and you'd see them hanging
around but it was just like fuck it
didn't work out and this new crop came
in after that new crop came in like the
2000s they're only 2000 you start seeing
these new guys coming in and you start
seeing like this one
Ari Shaffir was already killing at the
club by then he was already doing like
smaller spots by then you know he's I
think he's probably even I wonder when
did he become a paid regular yeah but it
was you know I was on the combat it goes
it went back and forth till now and now
over the last like four and a half five
years The Comedy Store is on fire now
it's not like anything else I've ever
seen
it's Phil I can't even explain the
energy on Tuesdays yeah the whole
fucking week is dope but something about
two Z's Tuesdays because everybody's off
the road Tuesday just like yeah it's
like that I think the comments are on
Tuesday nights right now yeah it's a hot
night and then the energy the pain it's
a great spot and then there's roast
battle afterwards and then Tuesday's a
lot of times Jeremiah does that stand up
on the spot show - he does that a lot on
Tuesdays always which one does it in the
belly room he's doing it this Tuesday
but I'm at the improv where might he
have you done that show this one up on
the spot show no you just get blasted
you just get what's right high as you
can
just have like two or three drinks and
then people yell out subjects you have
no idea you get this yeah you've no idea
fun oh my god every now and then you
come up with a bit that would be a real
test
yeah it's fun that's the real time you
would excel with that you need to do
that yeah I'd do that shit you need to
do it he doesn't like one Tuesday a
month I told him why are you doing every
week what the fuck it's in a belly room
right yeah 60 please do it every week
man I don't wanna do it
he needs to farm it out to have a bee
promoter she's not around seven every
week if he doesn't want to do it every
week I get it I get not wanting to
schedule it every week but that is a
good place to for the birth of a joke oh
my god it's amazing and the audience
knows you have no fucking idea what
you're talking about
they're like this wait a minute this
motherfucker just made this up and they
know your blasted also they get it oh
yeah I do I don't do that show I don't
do that show sober I have it's a small
girl I don't think I do no I'll go well
I'd fucking yeah we're no yeah that
sounds like a little bit next thing you
say yeah a little bit
she knows a tonic did all this a little
bit to get the old blood pumping get the
old don't give a fuck engine cranking
what's up Jamie there is a Tupac
shootout story oh my god oh oh oh so
Joey D has had it on his podcast okay he
probably told me about it too mmm yeah
man - Wow - pot came in he's your friend
and got into a shootout Wow Eddie Eddie
Griffin got banned because Tupac got
into a shootout there's still bullets on
the Mondrian across the street oh my god
to get into a shootout how crazy were
the 90s Jesus I'm in bars from Naughty
by Nature beat somebody up in the main
room also oh god damn guy Tory's night
cheese crowd that night was off the hook
whoo
I remember that night fat Tuesday's
you'll a factory much yeah how you like
it over there
it's cool yeah yep I have a good time I
do chocolate sundaes I do a lot of Jay
David shows great room the way it's
designed it really is a room you know
the ice house is a new owner now I heard
about the ice house I haven't been our
new I think they're gonna just keep it
basically the same pretty much Leah and
Bob is like he's consulting for like a
year
oh yeah they run smoothly yeah I mean
that's a good room to work too oldest
room in the country is it yep it started
stand-up comedy it started with like
variety acts and then it went to full
time so it was originally an ice house
like back before they have refrigerators
people would buy ice oh yeah that's why
they call it the ice house and then it
became like a variety show place where
like that bands and they have a few
comedians and then they just went to
straight stand-up but I think they went
to straight stand up in the 70s so it is
78 and so I think I don't know does that
make them the oldest comedy club it
seems like the Comedy Store was around
back then The Comedy Store wasn't
full-time in the seven most famous but
you listen what year to this store was
at 76 fine I went year the store was was
opened you ever did a la jolla store I
love that love that room is amazing
I like those people I like San Diego
people about San Diego people they're
like there they're like less la but more
California they are and they're like
chill people they are they like nice
California yeah but they're not did not
Hollywood tell all the California with
none of the Hollywood like regular folks
you have to live in a nice city in
California with the great weather but
they're not Hollywood exactly yeah I
went down there and they had of some
festival going on downtown tell you this
restaurant it was nice they're beautiful
I love them I love Santa Barbara - you
ever go up Santa born I've been a lot of
times
ow Santa Barbara is beautiful it's
beautiful same thing not too many people
yes like it's nice it's pretty these
like the comfortable the both air
economically designed yeah this is the
Comedy Store open in 72 April 72 but the
ice house was running from 1960 to 78
whereas like a variety show some unions
were going the entire time so that's why
it's distinct it as ongoing longest
ongoing comedy club because it's been
going on there so it's had comedy
forever but it had other stuff as well
right whereas the Comedy Store was only
comedy and that was 72 right okay huh
what did it take to get a weekend at the
fucking ice house that was probably
crazy right oh man but the problem
wasn't that many clubs back then right
how'd you get work you get a weekend at
the Ice House shit there's only one club
isn't that that many fucking dumb I know
they had a shitload of comedians they
used to be a place that my friend Adam
Ferrara used to work at that was in it
was in like fuck like Westwood or
Brentwood or something like that that
was a real clean place had to be clean
to work there I know you know what I'm
talking about I know the club they say I
think they said spot that Lindo hits own
like oh you see any of the comedy magic
club in Hermosa yeah wasn't thinking
about that no that was thinking that
there's a place that Richard Jenna used
to work out at all the time oh god damn
it I wish I could remember but I
remember Ferraro was working there and
him and I were buddies and I was in the
back of the room going god I wish I
could work here but I'm dirty
oh yeah but those were I found the rooms
to be challenging to on the case super
clean rooms yeah just to say I could do
it it's weird
they're weird I saw like a wave club I
love that place and when I go there it
seems like it's my crowd but I've heard
people say that you know they're told
they can't talk about certain things you
know they have a real nice clientele
they've had them forever they have like
a certain vibe and I don't begrudge the
guy that's his thing you know and he's
never I when I would um I would
understand
going in he's the only club that ever
told me I couldn't have Joey Diaz open
for me though Joey doubt it was like
he's too crazy because I love him but I
just can't kiss he's a great guy a great
guy Joey didn't care Joey loves I'm
still yeah I got it I got it I'm talking
about eating mufflers I get it I get it
enjoy the food is fantastic they have
one of the best comedy slips Club stakes
yeah everybody really oh my god
the food at the comedy magic club it's
like a really nice restaurant like if
you ate there as a restaurant you'd be
happy so the food is very good
yeah you have to wear a suit now do you
I hope not there's no amazing cast of
Magic Castle I think they're well that's
different
that's the Magic Castle the comedy in
magic that's that that comedy magic club
is in Hermosa Beach the Magic Castle is
in LA okay it's in Hollywood yeah yeah
that's how I've never been in that one
but that one you have to wear suit I
want to go Jimmy Schubert as a member of
that he's very old-school yeah I keep a
deck of cards somewhere
that's hilarious just in case you got to
pull out a magic trick yeah
comedy and comedy and magic together is
a weird combination when they have those
shows at the comedy magic club they'll
have a magician too 15 then you do
stand-up afterwards it's real weird it
does it back but it's and people enjoy
it it's like a cool variety thing down I
could do it I've seen guys the magician
guys like they don't get to go up so
he's just going around the party's just
like right just like flipping cards
right till motherfuckers will suck all
the women out of a fucking room with
trickery oh my god yeah why do women
like that kind of trickery they just
want to be I don't know they just want
to feel like they want to see some
sorcery yes some type of source they
whenever they go it's all you see them
like fairy tales are real and that's
when you start shit start disappearing
evening I've been fucking David Blaine
fucking took my watch off before really
yeah he do some crazy
they take your watch off I don't know
man he just did it some David Blaine
shit
that makes me this muhfucka regurgitate
some frogs before I just it just makes
me nervous that a guy would be so slick
he would actually be able to take your
watch off I know they exist yeah
people cook you did you said it it
happened to you I know other people have
said it happen to them he's done it
that's a game of them it's always a
negative team oh I just I believe it but
I've never seen it but I think there's
there's levels to everything if you give
you some elite world champion gold
medalist in the Olympics level of watch
picking you know I mean some dudes like
yeah like you've seen dudes do shit with
their hands when they move cards around
and it's fucking confusing their hands
are so goddamn fast their dexterity when
they're moving the decks together and
doing that kind of shit I mean there's
some dudes have control of their hands
that's just off the charts and if
they're there about picking watches they
could get you they can get you you just
made me what look for my watch I'm like
you just pick my shit have you ever been
pickpocketed I don't think so I don't
think so either
I've been robbed before but never been
pickpocketed I think it's like what's
this that's what he threw up the fucking
frog oh where where was the frog in his
stomach really is the Frog dead no it
was alive what kind of torture is that
he swallowed three but they stayed in
there that's what's crazy did it freaked
everybody out in that fucking room bro
that takes balls to swallow a frog but
what happens if that thing has bacteria
in it or some weird disease and it
breaks down in your gut what if you
don't throw it up in time what if that
motherfucker don't come back out yeah he
just until he run out of breath like
he's just down it till he can't breed
anymore
it's watch right there on the right
really he's always shaking his hands he
just did it but how did he do it I mean
see that again isn't ten seconds he's
already jiggling it right now you can
see him fucking with the stir and his
David Blaine see how he's fuckin with ya
now it's almost undone that's gone why
I was paying attention to that dude that
is impressive the way he shook it
and it seems like he did some sort of a
magic trick with the cards too I'm sure
you might that's the part that's what
they're stunned by right yeah yeah it's
a mystery when people have that kind of
hand control stay the fuck away from
them that's a dangerous person yeah what
do you have time to practice deception
at that level I don't want to get
anything from David Blaine that month
just look you just oh he gave it back
bro you're a Whitney Cummings bit about
magicians no she was they don't like
women liars that's why you never see
women magicians I was like oh shit she
said that was one of those when someone
says something you go oh shit
find me a fucking woman magician there
might be like three of them ever I don't
think the woman's magicians Association
of America is now outraged I'm sure
there's some meet women magicians but
you don't know we don't never I don't
even know any of them I don't know any
of them I know a bunch of male magicians
but maybe I'm a sexist piece of shit
yeah I don't understand how no woman has
broke them the magician all right
barrier I think magic as like a Penn &
Teller form or David Blaine form I think
it's an incredible art form that's very
difficult for anybody and if it's not in
your culture right like if it's not it
does not like a bunch of women magician
guides and you know mentors that could
help you figure it out and get it's
probably weird for them like who the
fuck why they don't have trials why
aren't there a lot of female magicians
people like magic shows right that's
right you ever go see Penn and Teller
it's great you haven't seen them live
it's a fucking great show I believe
they're to Professor they've been doing
it for a while
shame or anything well I think there's
no female magicians how many of them
there are there let's guess googled
famous female ones that I have never
heard of any of them top five let me see
what you got give me a top five hi I
don't know there we go hey presto she's
probably all right never heard of you
either motherfucker
misty Lee um say that name ninj chi ming
kai mink
named Kai maybe I mean Kristen Johnson
Dorothea Dietrich Dietrich Dietrich um
okay I don't know who those people are
either sistent I don't know if there's
some problem with crossover Oh like
maybe if you have you have assistant
she's like super hot she's like I want
to magic to like baby I'm the magician
you're the assistant like but I can
fucking do it I know how they like put
babies after a while you know she's hot
and you're not and he's just trying to
keep her I think okay okay okay let's
try so you can do if you just taught me
with like a little more patience maybe I
could do exactly what you're doing but
you're afraid you're afraid that I'll be
better than you is that what this says
that's how she would be I picture her
with fiery red hair tight waist but I
really never ever that's so crazy I've
never seen a female magician when
Whitney said that joke I was howling I
was like that's one of those ones we
like oh my god how come nobody ever
pointed that out before she caught it
with it that's such a good point too
it's why we don't like women liars
cuz everybody has to go oh yeah oh Jesus
Christ what is it
there aren't any female magicians you
know everybody's have to go it's one of
those things you hear it you go fuck
she's right she is right
what has a job is there with us like no
females there's a this is a not the
reason why but this is an interesting
point so cast this question an article
in 2013 and one person said the reason
that some kids get into magic is because
they got beat up oh I had to find magic
and that's what led them to find making
friends and like a lot of girls don't
not have enough that makes sense
I'm telling you it's a gift you'll get
it it's a chick magnet right they can
that's a really I could really see that
as something to for a guy this is what
is this confidence though this is what
we combine there's not a lot of money in
being like a fitness chick on Instagram
sticking your ass out the markets kind
of flooded but you could separate
yourself from the pack if you're a
fitness chick who does magic
with big tits and spandex come on kids
that could work that could work that
magic in like the most revealing
ridiculous yoga outfit oh yeah
lazy barefoot make it disappear bending
over for nutritionist Marc Macklemore
says he's a magician now releasing magic
rap album good for him I like that guy
good for him I bet he could do it magic
what can stop some what maybe he loved
magic already what can stop someone from
being a magician that's one of those
gigs well it kind of anybody could do it
well yeah I mean not anybody could do it
well don't get me wrong there's a lot of
skill to it but I'm saying nothing's
gonna stop you from practicing you could
get a look you could take classes right
you could you could buy a kit right
people learn how to do magic nothing
could stop you
first-ever magic rap album interesting
what do you think that could mean
anything he wants it to mean he's crazy
you know you do maybe it's just to get
us to talk about it not us but you know
everybody I mean that's what it was
about
yeah it's good marketing move some
brilliant fella he nailed it we're all
like what that's the move you gotta
trick people these days chicklet just
confuse them it's almost witty things
like what if I can buy my sign soon son
yeah leave I got to see my son son I
just came in today is one of those days
did I dread being on a roll I just came
in from Pleasanton this morning and I
came with you and I'm going back out
tomorrow to tonight on a red-eye Oh
quick in and out yep then it's like
that's the worst thing about the road
for me is leaving my son I get it you
know I feel the same way not about your
son you know maybe like I'm out and then
you just like certain times like you
just want to be home I just yeah just a
quick visit it's a little upsetting but
I'll be back next week dude we're gonna
get this podcast launched it's gonna
change your life
you promise it's launched we got it can
I just say well
yes please i'ma be at the MGM
Springfield the MGM Grand Springfield I
think they have a comedy club there MGM
Gramm paint-filled Illinois Springfield
Massachusetts okay and um they just
announced today that Martin Lawrence to
lit to it lettuce lettuce fuck to her
it's coming out tickets on sale and I'll
be doing some dates coming this year
beautiful I judge iterate son and
degenerates on Netflix and the news
podcast which is gonna be called too
soon you Donna rolling show Donnell
Roger you're reduced it you are ready
citizen perfect it's real ghetto right
now but our make it better perfect keep
it keep it real all right bye everybody
thank you dude that's perfect
[Music]